--- Page 1 ---
EX-10.68 2 dex1068.htm BACKST OP RIGHTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.68
 
 
   
BACKST OP RIGHTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
between
SPANSION INC.
and
SLS SP ANSION HOLDINGS, LLC
Dated as of January 25, 2010
   
--- Page 2 ---
BACKST OP RIGHTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
 
Section 1.     The Backstop Commitment   1
Section 2.     Backstop Fee; Transaction Expenses   3
Section 3.     Representations and Warranties of the Company   3
Section 4.     Representations and Warranties of the Backstop Party   7
Section 5.     Additional Covenants of the Company   9
Section 6.     Conditions   10
Section 7.     Indemnification and Limitation on Liability   12
Section 8.     Survival of Representations and Warranties   12
Section 9.     Termination; Termination Fee   12
Section 10.     Notices   13
Section 1 1.     Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries   14
Section 12.     Prior Negotiations; Entire Agreement   14
Section 13.     Governing Law; Jurisdiction   14
Section 14.     Counterparts   15
Section 15.     Waivers and Amendments   15
Section 16.     Headings   15
Section 17.     Specific Performance   15
Section 18.     Guaranty   15
 
i
--- Page 3 ---
BACKST OP RIGHTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT
This BACKST OP RIGHTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT  (this “ Agreement ”), dated as of January 25, 2010, is entered into by and
among Spansion Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”) and SLS Spansion Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the “ Backstop Party ”), and Silver Lake Sumeru Fund, L.P ., a Delaware limited partnership (the “ Guarantor ”). Capitalized terms used and
not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan (as defined below).
RECIT ALS
WHEREAS, on December 17, 2009, the Company , Spansion Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , Spansion LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company , Cerium Laboratories LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , and Spansion International, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (together with the Company , the “ Debtors ”), filed a Second Amended Joint Plan of Reor ganization of the Debtors
dated December 16, 2009 (the “ Plan”) with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “ Bankruptcy Court ”),
Case No. 09-10690 (KJC); and
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Rights Of fering Participants will be given the opportunity to purchase in the Rights
Offering, on a pro rata basis in proportion to their respective holdings of such claims, up to an aggregate amount of 12,974,496 shares of
New Spansion Common Stock (the “ Rights Of fering Shares ”) at a price of $8.43 per share (the “ Subscription Price ”) for an aggregate
purchase price of $109,375,000; and
WHEREAS, the Plan contemplates that the Debtors may decide to have a Backstop Party for the Rights Of fering and that, if such
decision is made, they will enter into an agreement such as this Agreement.
NOW , THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and suf ficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Backstop Party hereby agree as follows:
Section 1. The Backstop Commitment .
(a) On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the applicable conditions set forth in
Section 6 , if the Rights Of fering Participants shall not have funded the purchase of all of the Rights Of fering Shares on or before
February 10, 2010 (the “ First Funding Deadline ”), the Backstop Party hereby commits, and the Company hereby grants the Backstop Party
the right, to purchase the number of Rights Of fering Shares that were not funded to be purchased by the Rights Of fering Participants on or
before the First Funding Deadline (the “ Backstop Commitment ”). The purchase price per Rights Of fering Share purchased pursuant to this
Section 1  shall be the Subscription Price. All amounts funded by the Backstop Party pursuant to this Section 1  shall be funded into an
escrow account, maintained pursuant to an escrow agreement on terms and conditions, and with an escrow agent, acceptable to the
Backstop Party . The Company further agrees that, to the extent that the Backstop Party or any of its Affiliates timely subscribes to Rights
Offering Shares directly in the Rights Of fering,
--- Page 4 ---
the subscription for such Rights Of fering Shares may be funded into the same escrow account, notwithstanding the terms of the Rights
Offering and related subscription documentation.
(b)(i) The Backstop Party will fund the purchase, and the Company will commit to sell to the Backstop Party , at a price equal to
the Subscription Price therefor , such number of the Rights Of fering Shares for which Rights Of fering Participants have not
committed to purchase by timely submitting completed Subscription Forms by the Subscription Deadline in accordance with the Plan
(the “ Subscription Gap ”), as follows: (A) on the First Funding Date, the Backstop Party will fund an amount that, when added to the
amounts funded by the other Rights Of fering Participants by the First Funding Deadline, equals at least $80 million in the aggregate;
and (B) on February 12, 2010, (the “ Second Funding Deadline ”), the Backstop Party will fund the remaining amount of the
Subscription Gap plus up to $5 million of commitments by other Rights Of fering Participants that were not funded by such Rights
Offering Participants despite their commitments to so fund; provided that , the Company shall provide the Backstop Party with notice
of the amount of the Subscription Gap not later than two (2) Business Days following the Subscription Deadline.
(ii) Within seventeen (17) days following the First Funding Deadline (the “ Subsequent Funding Date ”), the Backstop Party
will fund the purchase, and the Company will commit to sell to the Backstop Party , at a price equal to the Subscription Price therefor ,
such number of the Rights Of fering Shares for which Rights Of fering Participants, if any , have subscribed for by timely submitting
completed Subscription Forms by the Subscription Deadline in accordance with the Plan but have failed to fund by the Second
Funding Deadline that were not already funded by the Backstop Party (the “ Failure to Fund Gap ”); provided that , the Company shall
provide the Backstop Party with notice of the amount of the Failure to Fund Gap not later than two (2) Business Days following the
First Funding Deadline.
(iii) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 1(b) , in lieu of receiving one of the Rights Of fering Shares
issuable to the Backstop Party under Section 1(b)(i)  pursuant to the Backstop Commitment, the Backstop Party shall receive one
(1) share of common stock of the Company classified as “Class B Common Stock” (the “ Class B Share ”) . The Backstop Party shall
have the exclusive right to receive Class B Shares, and the rights, preferences and privileges of such Class B Share shall be set forth
in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company , in form and
substance acceptable to the Backstop Party .
(c) Except as set forth in Section 1(d) , all Rights Of fering Shares and the Class B Share shall be delivered to the Backstop Party
with any and all issue, stamp, transfer or similar taxes or duties payable in connection with such delivery duly paid by the Company to the
extent required under the Confirmation Order or applicable law .
(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Backstop Party , in its sole discretion, may designate that
some or all of the Rights Of fering Shares or the Class B Share, as the case may be, be issued in the name of and delivered to, one or more
of its Affiliates or any other third party; provided that , the Backstop Party will be responsible for any and all issue, stamp, transfer or
similar taxes or duties payable in connection therewith.
 
2
--- Page 5 ---
Section 2. Backstop Fee; Transaction Expenses .
(a) Immediately following the consummation of the Rights Of fering, the Company shall pay to Silver Lake Management
Company Sumeru, L.L.C. (an Affiliate of the Backstop Party), by wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account specified by
the Backstop Party not less than one day prior to the Ef fective Date, a backstop commitment fee in an amount equal to Four Million Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($4,500,000) (the “ Backstop Fee ”).
(b) Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company shall reimburse or pay , as the case may be,
all of the reasonable fees and expenses of the Backstop Party and its Affiliates incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby (the “ Transaction Expenses ”), including without limitation reasonable expenses related to industry research, travel expenses, fees
and expenses of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP  and local Wilmington, Delaware counsel, as legal advisors to the Backstop Party
and its Affiliates, and fees and expenses of the accountants, financial advisors and other professionals retained by the Backstop Party and
its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. The Company shall pay all Transaction Expenses as soon as
reasonably practical, but in any case not more than ten (10) Business Days after presentation of an invoice by or on behalf of the Backstop
Party . These obligations are in addition to, and do not limit, the Company’ s obligations under Section 7 . The provision for the payment of
the Transaction Expenses is an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and without this provision the Backstop
Party would not have entered into this Agreement and shall constitute an administrative expense of the Company under section 364(c)(1)
of the Bankruptcy Code.
Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Backstop
Party as of the date hereof and on the Ef fective Date as follows:
(a) Incorporation and Qualification . The Company and each of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company has been
duly or ganized and is validly existing as a corporation or other form of entity , where applicable, in good standing under the laws of their
respective jurisdictions of or ganization, with the requisite power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as currently
conducted, subject, as applicable, to the restrictions that result from any such entity’ s status as a debtor -in-possession under chapter 1 1 of
the Bankruptcy Code. The Company and each of its subsidiaries has been duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other form of entity for
the transaction of business and, where applicable, is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases
properties or conducts business so as to require such qualification, except to the extent the failure to be so qualified or , where applicable, be
in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse ef fect on the business,
results of operations, property or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or on the ability of the
Company , subject to the approvals and other authorizations set forth in Section 3(g) , to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the Plan (a “ Material Adverse Ef fect”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation is made with respect to Spansion
Japan Ltd.
 
3
--- Page 6 ---
(b) Corporate Power and Authority . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder , including the issuance of the Rights Of fering Shares. The Company has
taken all necessary corporate action required for the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement,
including the issuance of the Rights Of fering Shares. The issuance of the Rights Of fering Shares to the Backstop Party on the Ef fective
Date will have been duly and validly authorized. Subject to entry of the Confirmation Order and the expiration, or waiver by the
Bankruptcy Court, of the fourteen (14) day period set forth in Bankruptcy Rule 3020(e), on the Ef fective Date, the Debtors will have the
requisite corporate power and authority to execute the Plan and to perform their obligations thereunder , and will have taken all necessary
corporate actions required for the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance by the Debtors of the Plan.
(c) Capitalization . After giving ef fect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Plan, the capital stock of the
Company , as authorized by its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, will consist solely of shares of New Spansion Common
Stock and the Class B Stock, if issued pursuant to Section 1(f) , and no shares will be issued, outstanding, reserved for issuance or held in
the treasury of the Company , except as provided in the Plan and disclosed in the Disclosure Statement (as dated December 16, 2009, the
“December 16  Disclosure Statement ”).
(d) Execution and Delivery; Enforceability . This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company ,
and constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the Company , enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to
bankruptcy , reor ganization, insolvency , moratorium and other laws af fecting the enforcement of creditors’  rights generally from time to
time in ef fect and subject to general equitable principles. The Plan has been duly and validly filed with the Bankruptcy Court by the
Debtors and, upon the entry of the Confirmation Order and the expiration, or waiver by the Bankruptcy Court, of the fourteen (14) day
period set forth in Bankruptcy Rule 3020(e), will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company , enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, subject to general equitable principles.
(e) No Conflict . Subject to the entry of the Confirmation Orders and the expiration, or waiver by the Bankruptcy Court, of the
fourteen (14) day period set forth in Bankruptcy Rule 3020(e), as applicable, the consummation of the Rights Of fering by the Company ,
the issuance, sale and delivery of the Rights Of fering Shares and compliance by the Company with all of the provisions hereof and thereof
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein (including compliance by the Backstop Party with its
obligations hereunder and thereunder) (i) will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, any of the terms or provisions of, or
constitute a default under , or result in the acceleration of, or the creation of any lien under , any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan
agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, (ii) will not result in
any violation of the provisions
 
4th
--- Page 7 ---
of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company and any other Debtor and (iii) will not result in any violation of, or any
termination or material impairment of any rights under , any statute or any license, authorization, injunction, judgment, order , decree, rule
or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties, except in any such case described in subclause (i) or (iii) as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Ef fect.
(f) Consents and Approvals . No consent, approval, authorization, order , registration or qualification of or with any court or
governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or by
any third party pursuant to any contract or otherwise is required for the consummation of the Rights Of fering by the Company and the
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the Plan and performance of and compliance by the Company with all of the
provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein, except for (i) the entry of the
Confirmation Order and the expiration, or waiver by the Bankruptcy Court, of the ten (10) day period set forth in Bankruptcy
Rules 6004(h) and 3020(e), as applicable; (ii) filings with respect to and the expiration or termination of the waiting period under
Section 7A  of the Clayton Act (T itle II of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “ HSR Act”), if
applicable; (iii) such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations or qualifications as may be reasonably required under state securities
or “blue sky” laws in connection with the purchase of Rights Of fering Shares by the Backstop Party; or (iv) such consents, approvals,
authorizations, registrations or qualifications, the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Ef fect.
(g) No Material Adverse Change . Except as disclosed in the Company’ s Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“Commission ”) filings as of the date of this Agreement (the “ SEC Filings ”) or the December 16  Disclosure Statement, since
September 27, 2009 there has not occurred any event, fact or circumstance which has had or would reasonably be expected to have,
individually , or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Ef fect on the Company and its subsidiaries.
(h) No Violation or Default; Licenses and Permits . Except as otherwise set forth in the SEC Filings or the December 16
Disclosure Statement, each of the Company and its subsidiaries (i) is in compliance with all laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations,
orders, judgments and decrees of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, and (ii) has not received written notice of any alleged material violation of any of the
foregoing except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, for any such failure to comply , default or violation that would not, individually or
in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect. Subject to the restrictions that result solely from the Company
or any subsidiary’ s status as a debtor -in-possession under chapter 1 1 of the Bankruptcy Code (including that in certain instances such
subsidiary’ s conduct of its business requires Bankruptcy Court approval), each of the Company and its subsidiaries holds all material
licenses, franchises, permits, consents, registrations, certificates and other governmental and regulatory permits, authorizations and
approvals required for the operation of the business as currently conducted by it and for the
 
5th
th
--- Page 8 ---
ownership, lease or operation of its material assets, except where the failure to possess or make the same would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Ef fect and is not in violation of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other or ganizational
document.
(i) Legal Proceedings . Except as described in the SEC Filings or the December 16  Disclosure Statement, there are no legal,
governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings pending or , to the knowledge of the Company , threatened against
the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect.
(j) Title to Intellectual Property . The Company and its subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights to use all material patents,
patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses and
know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or
procedures) necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses, except where the failure to own or possess any such rights could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect.
(k) No Undisclosed Relationships . No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the directors, of ficers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on
the other , that is required be disclosed in the SEC Filings or the December 16  Disclosure Statement and that are not so disclosed.
(l) Insurance . Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Ef fect, the Company and its
subsidiaries have insurance covering their respective properties, operations, personnel and businesses, including business interruption
insurance, which insurance is in amounts and insures against such losses and risks as are customary for companies whose businesses are
similar to the Company and its subsidiaries; and as of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) received
written notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that capital improvements or other material expenditures are required or necessary
to be made in order to continue such insurance or (ii) any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage
as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage at reasonable cost from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business.
(m) No Broker ’s Fees . None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding
with any person (other than this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against the Backstop Party for a brokerage commission,
finder ’s fee or like payment in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(n) Title to Real and Personal Property . The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property
owned by the Company and its subsidiaries and good title to all other tangible and intangible properties (other than Intellectual Property
covered by Section 3(j) ) owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, claims, restrictions
or encumbrances of any kind except such as (i) are
 
6th
th
--- Page 9 ---
described in the SEC Filings or the December 16  Disclosure Statement or (ii) individually and in the aggregate, have not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect. All of the leases and subleases to which the Company or its subsidiaries are
a party are in full force and ef fect and enforceable by the Company or such subsidiary in accordance with their terms, and neither the
Company nor any subsidiary has received any written notice of any claim that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the
Company or any subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or af fecting or questioning the rights of the Company or
such subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or subleased property by under any such lease or sublease, except where any such
claim or failure to be enforceable would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Ef fect.
(o) Full Disclosure . No information contained in this Agreement, the Plan or the December 16  Disclosure Statement contains
any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not
misleading in light of the circumstances under which made.
Section 4. Representations and Warranties of the Backstop Party . The Backstop Party represents and warrants to, and agrees, with
respect to itself only , with, the Company as of the date hereof and as of the Ef fective Date as follows:
(a) Organization . The Backstop Party has been duly formed and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of or ganization.
(b) Corporate Power and Authority . The Backstop Party has the requisite corporate or comparable power and authority to enter
into, execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and has taken all necessary action required for the due
authorization, execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement.
(c) Execution and Delivery . This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Backstop Party and
constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Backstop Party in accordance with its terms, subject to general
equitable principles.
(d) No Conflicts . The execution, delivery , and performance by the Backstop Party of this Agreement do not and shall not
(i) violate any provision of its or ganizational documents or any law , rule, or regulation applicable to it or (ii) conflict with, result in a
breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contractual obligation to which it is a party
or under its or ganizational documents.
(e) Proceedings . No litigation or proceeding before any court, arbitrator , or administrative or governmental body is pending or ,
to its knowledge, threatened against it that would adversely af fect the Backstop Party’ s ability to enter into this Agreement or perform its
obligations hereunder .
(f) Consents and Approvals . No consent, approval, order , authorization, registration or qualification of or with any court or
governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Backstop Party or the Backstop Party’ s Affiliates, is required in connection
 
7th
th
--- Page 10 ---
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby , except for any consent,
approval, order or authorization required under the Bankruptcy Code.
(g) Sufficiency of Funds . On the First Funding Deadline, the Second Funding Deadline and the Subsequent Funding Date, if
any, the Backstop Party will have suf ficient immediately available funds to make and complete the payment of the aggregate Subscription
Price for the portion of the Rights Of fering Shares that represents the Subscription Gap and the Failure to Fund Gap, respectively , and the
availability of such funds will not then be subject to the consent, approval or authorization of any third party .
(h) No Registration Under the Securities Act. The Backstop Party understands (i) that the Rights Of fering Shares and the Class
B Share to be purchased by it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “ Securities Act”), (ii) that, except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company shall not be required to
effect any registration or qualification under the Securities Act or any state securities law , (iii) that the Rights Of fering Shares and the Class
B Share will be issued in reliance upon exemptions contained in the Securities Act or interpretations thereof and in the applicable state
securities laws, in each case to the extent that section 1 145 of the Bankruptcy Code is not applicable, and (iv) that the Rights Of fering
Shares and the Class B Share may not be of fered for sale, sold or otherwise transferred, in each case to the extent that section 1 145 of the
Bankruptcy Code is not applicable, except pursuant to a registration statement or in a transaction exempt from or not subject to registration
under the Securities Act.
(i) Acquisition for Investment . The Rights Of fering Shares and the Class B Share are being acquired under this Agreement by
the Backstop Party in good faith solely for its own account, for investment and not with a view toward resale or other distribution within
the meaning of the Securities Act; provided, however , that the disposition of the Backstop Party’ s property shall at all times be under its
control. The Backstop Party will not, directly or indirectly , offer, transfer , sell, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any of the
Rights Of fering Shares or the Class B Share (or solicit any of fers to buy , purchase, or otherwise acquire or take a pledge of any of the
Rights Of fering Shares or the Class B Share), except pursuant to a registration statement or in a transaction exempt from or not subject to
registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.
(j) Independent Investigation; Retention of Tax Advisors . The Backstop Party has made its own inquiry and investigation into
the Company and has undertaken such investigation and had access to such information as it has deemed necessary to enable it to make an
informed and intelligent decision with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Backstop Party has
consulted its own tax advisors with regard to its participation in the Rights Of fering and the tax consequences thereof, and has not relied on
any advice from the Company or its representatives regarding the tax consequences of an investment in the Rights Of fering Shares or the
Class B Share.
(k) Accredited Investor . The Backstop Party is an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities
Act, with such knowledge and experience
 
8
--- Page 11 ---
in financial and business matters as are necessary in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Rights Of fering Shares or
the Class B Share.
(l) No Broker ’s Fees . The Backstop Party is not a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any Person (other than
this Agreement) that would give rise to a claim against the Company for a brokerage commission, finder ’s fee or like payment in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby .
Section 5. Additional Covenants of the Company . Except as provided in this Agreement or otherwise consented to in writing by
each of the Backstop Party , during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Ef fective Date, the Company agrees with the Backstop
Party as follows:
(a) Rights Of fering . The Company will ef fectuate the Rights Of fering, as provided herein and in the Plan and the December 16
Disclosure Statement, pursuant to the securities exemption provisions set forth in section 1 145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or other
exemptions in the Securities Act or interpretations thereof.
(b) Registration Rights Agreement . The Company will file with the Bankruptcy Court as soon as practicable a form of a
registration rights agreement (the “ Registration Rights Agreement ”), in the form attached as Exhibit C  hereto. The Company and the
Backstop Party shall use commercially reasonable ef forts to finalize and execute, and seek Bankruptcy Court approval of, the Registration
Rights Agreement as promptly as practicable.
(c) Conduct of Business . During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Ef fective Date, the Company and its
subsidiaries shall carry on their businesses in the ordinary course (subject to any actions which are consistent with the SEC Filings and the
December 16  Disclosure Statement and any limitations on such actions under the Bankruptcy Code) and, to the extent consistent
therewith, use their commercially reasonable ef forts to preserve intact their current business or ganizations, keep available the services of
their current of ficers and employees and preserve their relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others
having business dealings with the Company or its subsidiaries.
(d) Access to Information . Subject to applicable law , the Company shall (and shall cause its subsidiaries to) permit
representatives of the Backstop Party and its Affiliates to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, to
examine their corporate books and make copies or extracts therefrom and to discuss the af fairs, finances and accounts of the Company and
its subsidiaries with the principal of ficers of the Company and its subsidiaries, all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable notice and as
often as the Backstop Party may reasonably request.
(e) Amendments to Or ganizational Documents . The Company will amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws and any other
required or ganizational documents to provide for the governance rights granted to holders of the New Spansion Common Stock and the
Class B Shares; provided that , the rights, preferences and privileges of such Class B Shares as set forth on Exhibit A hereto shall be set
forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company .
 
9th
th
--- Page 12 ---
Section 6. Conditions .
(a) Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party . The respective obligations of the Backstop Party and the Company to ef fect the
purchase of the Rights Of fering Shares pursuant to this Agreement on the Ef fective Date are subject to the following conditions:
(i) No Restraint . No judgment, injunction, decree or other legal restraint shall prohibit the consummation of the Plan, the Rights
Offering or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(ii) HSR Act; Regulatory Approvals . If the purchase of Rights Of fering Shares by the Backstop Party pursuant to this
Agreement is subject to the terms of the HSR Act or the laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction, the applicable waiting period shall
have expired or been terminated thereunder with respect to such purchase.
(iii) No Legal Impediment to Issuance . No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been
enacted, adopted or issued in each by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that, as of the Ef fective Date,
prohibits the issuance or sale of the Rights Of fering Shares pursuant to this Agreement.
(iv) Consents . All other material governmental and third-party notifications, filings, consents, waivers and approvals required
for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Plan shall have been made or received.
(b) Conditions to the Obligations of the Backstop Party . The obligation of the Backstop Party to purchase the Rights Of fering
Shares pursuant to this Agreement on the Ef fective Date are subject to the following conditions:
(i) Representations and Warranties and Covenants . The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this
Agreement (disregarding all qualifications and exceptions contained therein regarding materiality or Material Adverse Ef fect) shall be
true and correct on the date hereof and on the Ef fective Date as if made on such date, except, where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be so true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Ef fect. The Company shall have complied in all material respects with all of its material obligations hereunder .
(ii) Confirmation Order . An order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan pursuant to section 1 129 of the Bankruptcy Code
(the “ Confirmation Order ”) that is acceptable to the Backstop Party must have been entered and declared ef fective by the Bankruptcy
Court, no order staying the Confirmation Order shall be in ef fect, and the Plan shall have become ef fective in accordance to its terms
(the Backstop Party shall act reasonably in determining whether the Confirmation Order is acceptable, provided that any terms,
conditions, provisions or omissions of the Confirmation Order that have a material impact on the Rights Of fering, the Backstop
Commitment or the terms set forth in this Agreement shall be acceptable to the Backstop Party in their sole discretion);
 
10
--- Page 13 ---
(iii) Plan and Disclosure Statement . The Plan as may be further amended or modified, and the December 16  Disclosure
Statement as may be further amended or modified, shall be materially consistent with the terms and conditions contained in this
Agreement, and must be acceptable to the Backstop Party (the Backstop Party shall act reasonably in determining whether such
amended or modified Plan or such amended or modified disclosure statement are acceptable, provided that any terms, conditions,
provisions or omissions of the amended or modified Plan or such amended or modified disclosure statement that have a material
impact on the Rights Of fering, the Backstop Commitment or the terms set forth in this Agreement shall be acceptable to the Backstop
Party in their sole discretion);
(iv) Conditions to Confirmation . Each of the conditions precedent to the confirmation of the Plan and the conditions precedent
to the ef fectiveness of the Plan and the occurrence of the Ef fective Date shall have been satisfied in accordance with the Plan.
(v) Documentation . The Backstop Party shall have received all the documentation required to consummate the transaction
contemplated hereby , each duly executed and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Backstop Party .
(vi) Rights Of fering . The Subscription Deadline shall have occurred.
(vii) No Material Adverse Ef fect. No Material Adverse Ef fect shall have occurred or shall be reasonably likely to occur .
(viii) Total Indebtedness . As of the Ef fective Date, the total outstanding indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis shall not exceed $525,000,000, not including up to $25,000,000 of additional indebtedness that may be issued in
settlement of supplier claims, and all such indebtedness shall be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Backstop Party .
(ix) Total Shares . The total number of shares of New Spansion Common Stock and other common stock of the Company
outstanding on the Ef fective Date shall not exceed 50,000,000 shares on a fully diluted basis (including shares issuable upon
conversion of any convertible notes or other securities, and shares issuable upon exercise of options or warrants), but excluding up to
6,000,000 shares that may be issued as equity incentive awards or pursuant to options granted to employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries.
(x) Amendments to Or ganizational Documents . The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and
Restated Bylaws of the Company and the other Debtors are in a form reasonably acceptable to the Backstop Party .
(xi) Fees, Etc . All fees and other amounts required to be paid or reimbursed to the Backstop Party as of the Ef fective Date,
including, without limitation, the Backstop Fee and the Transaction Expenses, shall have been paid or reimbursed in full.
 
11th
--- Page 14 ---
(xii) Registration Rights Agreement . The Company shall have entered into the Registration Rights Agreement with the Backstop
Party in accordance with Section 5(b) , in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Backstop Party .
(c) Conditions to the Obligations of the Company . The obligation of the Company to ef fect the purchase of the Rights Of fering
Shares pursuant to this Agreement on the Ef fective Date are subject to the following condition:
(i) Representations and Warranties and Covenants . The representations and warranties of the Backstop Party set forth in this
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof and on the Ef fective Date as if made on such date. The
Backstop Party shall have complied in all material respects with all of their respective material obligations hereunder .
Section 7. Indemnification and Limitation on Liability . Whether or not the Rights Of fering is consummated, the Company agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Backstop Party , its Affiliates and their respective of ficers, directors, employees, advisors, stockholders,
members, managers, partners, investment advisors, attorneys, accountants and agents (each, an “ Indemnified Person ”) from and against
any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities to which any such Indemnified Person may become subject arising out of or in
connection with the Rights Of fering or this Agreement or any related transaction or any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding
relating to any of the foregoing, regardless of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, and to reimburse each Indemnified Person
upon demand for any legal or other costs and expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending, participating or testifying in
any of the foregoing, provided, that  the foregoing indemnity will not, as to any Indemnified Person, apply to losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses to the extent they are found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court to have been incurred as a direct
result of the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnified Person. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to any
Person for any punitive, exemplary , indirect or consequential damages in connection with its activities related to the Backstop
Commitment or which may be alleged as a result of the Rights Of fering or this Agreement. The obligations set forth in this Section 7  shall
survive any termination hereof, and shall remain in ef fect even if the Rights Of fering is not consummated. The foregoing provisions of this
paragraph shall be in addition to any rights that the Backstop Party or any other indemnified person may have at common law or otherwise.
Section 8. Survival of Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made in this Agreement will survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement for the length of the applicable statute of limitations with respect thereto.
Section 9. Termination; Termination Fee .
(a) The Backstop Party may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the Company:
(i) if the Ef fective Date shall not have occurred by March 31, 2010;
 
12
--- Page 15 ---
(ii) upon the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Section 6  hereof to be satisfied, which failure cannot be cured by
March 31, 2010; or
(iii) in the event of a material breach by the Company of this Agreement.
(b) If the Company does not proceed with the Rights Of fering with the Backstop Commitment being provided by the Backstop
Party pursuant to Section 1(b)  hereof by not later than March 31, 2010 (the “ Outside Date ”), the Company shall pay Silver Lake
Management Company Sumeru, L.L.C. (an Affiliate of the Backstop Party) a termination fee in an amount equal to Three Million Dollars
($3,000,000) (the “ Termination Fee ”), payable in cash as soon as reasonably practical, but not more than ten (10) Business Days following
the earlier to occur of the Outside Date and the termination of the Backstop Commitment. The Company shall also pay to the Backstop
Party any Transaction Expenses certified by the Backstop Party to be due and payable hereunder that have not been paid theretofore and
such Termination Fee and Transaction Expenses shall constitute administrative expenses of the Company under section 364(c)(1) of the
Bankruptcy Code.
Section 10. Notices . All notices and other communications in connection with this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed
given (and will be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) if delivered personally , sent via electronic facsimile (with confirmation),
mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with confirmation) to the parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as will be specified by like notice):
 
  (a) If to the Backstop Party or the Guarantor , to:
c/o Silver Lake Sumeru Fund, L.P .
2775 Sand Hill Road
Suite 100
Menlo Park, CA  94025
Attn:    Karen King, Esq.
Facsimile: (650) 234-2502
and
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
601 South Figueroa Street, 30  Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Attn:  Gregory A. Bray , Esq.
      and
      Neil J Wertlieb, Esq.
Facsimile: (213) 629-5063
 
  (b) If to the Company , to:
Spansion Inc.
915 DeGuigne Dr .
Sunnyvale, CA  94085
 
13th
--- Page 16 ---
Attention: General Counsel
Facsimile: (408) 616-6659
with a copy to:
Latham & Watkins LLP
140 Scott Drive
Menlo Park, CA  94025
Attn: Tad J. Freese, Esq.
Facsimile: (650) 463-2600
Section 1 1. Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries . Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this
Agreement will be assigned by any of the parties (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other
parties. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, this Agreement, or the Backstop Party’ s obligations hereunder , may be assigned, delegated
or transferred, in whole or in part, by the Backstop Party to any entity or person over which the Backstop Party or any of its Affiliates
exercises investment authority , including, without limitation, with respect to voting and dispositive rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or any other provisions herein, no such assignment will relieve the assigning Backstop Party or the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder
if such assignee fails to perform such obligations. Except as provided in Section 7  with respect to the Indemnified Persons, this Agreement
(including the documents and instruments referred to in this Agreement) is not intended to and does not confer upon any person other than
the parties hereto any rights or remedies under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions herein to the
contrary , the Backstop Party may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, to the extent such assignment would
affect the securities laws exemptions applicable to this transaction.
Section 12. Prior Negotiations; Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including the exhibits hereto and the documents and instruments
referred to in this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements or
understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
Section 13. Governing Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by , and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws of the State of
Delaware. By its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees for
itself that the Bankruptcy Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any legal action, suit, or proceeding against it with respect to any
matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment rendered in any such
action, suit, or proceeding; provided, however , that if the Bankruptcy Court abstains from exercising jurisdiction, or is otherwise without
jurisdiction, then any such legal action, suit, or proceeding shall be brought exclusively in a Federal District Court in the State of Delaware.
By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably accepts and submits to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of such court, generally and unconditionally , with respect to any such action, suit, or proceeding.
 
14
--- Page 17 ---
Section 14. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which will be considered one and
the same agreement and will become ef fective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party
(including via facsimile or other electronic transmission), it being understood that each party need not sign the same counterpart.
Section 15. Waivers and Amendments . This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, cancelled, renewed or extended, and
the terms and conditions of this Agreement may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by the parties or , in the case of a waiver , by
the party waiving compliance, and subject, to the extent required, to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. No delay on the part of any
party in exercising any right, power or privilege pursuant to this Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any waiver on the
part of any party of any right, power or privilege pursuant to this Agreement, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or
privilege pursuant to this Agreement, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege
pursuant to this Agreement. The rights and remedies provided pursuant to this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any
rights or remedies which any party otherwise may have at law or in equity .
Section 16. Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not in any way af fect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.
Section 17. Specific Performance . The parties acknowledge and agree that any breach of the terms of this Agreement would give rise
to irreparable harm for which money damages would not be an adequate remedy , and, accordingly , the parties agree that, in addition to any
other remedies, each will be entitled to enforce the terms of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance without the necessity of
proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy and without the necessity of posting bond.
Section 18. Guaranty . The Guarantor hereby guarantees the p