--- Page 1 ---
Table of Contents
ANNEX A
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
BY AND AMONG
MOBIUS PARENT CORP.,
MOBIUS MERGER SUB, INC.
AND
MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL, INC.
DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2022

--- Page 2 ---
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
ARTICLE I
THE MERGER
1.1. The Merger A-1
1.2. Closing of the Merger A-1
1.3. Effective Time A-2
1.4. Effects of the Merger A-2
1.5. Certificate of Incorporation A-2
1.6. Bylaws A-2
1.7. Board of Directors A-2
1.8. Officers A-2
ARTICLE II.
CONSIDERATION
2.1. Effect on Common Stock A-3
2.2. Effect on Company Warrants A-3
2.3. Merger Sub Capital Stock A-3
2.4. Treatment of Company Equity Awards and Company Performance Cash Awards A-3
2.5. Dissenting Shares A-5
2.6. Paying Agent A-5
2.7. Withholding A-7
2.8. Certain Adjustments A-7
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
3.1. Corporate Organization A-7
3.2. Capitalization A-8
3.3. Authority A-10
3.4. Consents and Approvals A-10
3.5. SEC Documents; Other Reports; Internal Controls A-11
3.6. Financial Statements; Undisclosed Liabilities A-12
3.7. Absence of Certain Changes or Events A-13
3.8. Legal Proceedings A-13
3.9. Compliance With Applicable Law A-13
3.10. Material Contracts A-16
3.11. Taxes A-18
3.12. Employees; Employee Benefit Plans A-20
3.13. Labor Matters A-22
3.14. Intellectual Property; Data Privacy A-23
3.15. Environmental Liability A-26
3.16. Property A-27
3.17. Insurance A-27
3.18. Anti-Takeover Statutes; Stockholder Vote Required A-27
3.19. Stockholder Vote Required A-27
3.20. Opinion of Financial Advisor A-27
3.21. Broker’s Fees A-28
3.22. Transactions with Affiliates A-28
3.23. Company Information A-28
3.24. No Other Representations or Warranties A-28
A-i

--- Page 3 ---
Table of Contents
ARTICLE IV.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB
4.1. Corporate Organization A-28
4.2. Authority; No Violation A-29
4.3. Consents and Approvals A-29
4.4. Broker’s Fees A-30
4.5. Parent Information A-30
4.6. No Vote of Parent or Merger Sub Stockholders A-30
4.7. Ownership of Common Stock A-30
4.8. Absence of Litigation A-30
4.9. Financing A-30
4.10. Solvency A-32
4.11. Foreign Person Status A-32
4.12. Interests in Competitors A-33
4.13. No Other Representations or Warranties; Disclaimer A-33
ARTICLE V.
COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS
5.1. Conduct of Business Prior to the Effective Time A-33
5.2. Access to Information A-36
5.3. Proxy Statement and Stockholder Meeting A-37
5.4. No Solicitation A-38
5.5. Reasonable Best Efforts A-42
5.6. Employees; Employee Benefit Plans A-45
5.7. Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance A-46
5.8. Publicity A-47
5.9. Anti-takeover Laws A-48
5.10. Stockholder Litigation A-48
5.11. NASDAQ Delisting; Deregistration A-48
5.12. Section 16 Matters A-48
5.13. Financing A-48
5.14. Financing Assistance from Company A-51
5.15. Obligations of Parent With Respect to Merger Sub and the Surviving Company A-53
5.16. Foreign Persons A-53
5.17. Treatment of Certain Existing Indebtedness A-54
5.18. Parent Equity Syndication A-54
ARTICLE VI.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1. Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger A-55
6.2. Conditions to Obligations of Parent A-55
6.3. Conditions to Obligations of the Company A-57
ARTICLE VII.
TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT
7.1. Termination A-57
7.2. Effect of Termination A-59
A-ii

--- Page 4 ---
Table of Contents
ARTICLE VIII.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
8.1. Non-survival  of Representations, Warranties and Agreements A-62
8.2. Amendment A-62
8.3. Extension; Waiver A-62
8.4. Expenses A-62
8.5. Notices A-62
8.6. Certain Definitions A-64
8.7. Interpretation A-74
8.8. Counterparts A-74
8.9. Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries A-74
8.10. Governing Law A-75
8.11. Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial A-75
8.12. Specific Performance A-76
8.13. Severability A-77
8.14. Assignment A-77
8.15. Non-Recourse A-77
Annex A Surviving Company Certificate of Incorporation
Annex B Surviving Company Bylaws
A-iii

--- Page 5 ---
Table of Contents
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
2021 First Lien Notes 8.6
2021 First Lien Notes Indenture 8.6
2021 First Lien Notes Trustee 8.6
2023 Company RSU 2.4(e)
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement 8.6
affiliate 8.6
agent 8.6
Agreement Preamble
Alternate Debt Financing 5.13(d)
Alternative Arrangement Contract 3.4(c)
Anti-Corruption Laws 3.9(i)
Anti-Money Laundering Laws 8.6
Approval 8.6
BofA Securities 3.20
Book Entry Shares 2.6(c)
Burdensome Condition 5.5(d)
Business Day 8.6
Cancelled Shares 2.1(a)
Capital Expenditure Budget 5.1(a)(xi)
CARES Act 8.6
Certificate of Merger 1.3
Certificates 2.6(b)
Change of Recommendation 5.4(b)
Change of Recommendation Notice 5.4(f)
Claims 8.6
Closing 1.2
Closing Date 1.2
Code 3.11(e)
Collective Bargaining Agreement 8.6
Commitment Letters 4.9(a)
Common Stock 2.1
Company Preamble
Company Acquisition Proposal 8.6
Company Board Recitals
Company Disclosure Schedule Article III
Company Employees 3.12(a)
Company IP 3.14(a)
Company LTI Awards 2.4(f)
Company Option Award 2.4(a)
Company Recommendation 3.3(b)
Company Related Party 8.6
Company Reports 3.5(a)
Company Severance Plan 5.6(b)
Company Stock Plan 2.4(a)
Company Stockholder Approval 3.19
Company Stockholders Meeting 5.3(b)
Company Superior Proposal 8.6
Company Termination Fee 8.6
Company Warrant 2.2
Compliance Requirements 8.6
Confidentiality Agreement 8.6
Continuing Employees 5.6(a)
Contract 8.6
control 8.6
Converted Award 2.4(e)
Copyrights 8.6, 8.6
COVID-19 8.6
COVID-19  Actions 8.6
COVID-19  Measures 8.6
Credit Agreement 8.6
Credit Agreement Payoff Amount 5.17(a)
D&O Insurance 5.7(b)
Data Protection Obligations 3.14(i)
Debt Commitment Letter 4.9(a)
Debt Financing 4.9(a)
DGCL 1.1
Dissenting Shares 2.5(a)
DPA 4.11
Effect 8.6
Effective Time 1.3

--- Page 6 ---
A-ivEnd Date 7.1(c)
Environmental Laws 3.15(b)(i)
Equity Commitment Letter 4.9(a)
Equity Financing 4.9(a)
Equity Syndication 5.18
ERISA 3.12(a)
ERISA Affiliates 3.12(c)
Exchange Act 3.5(a)
Exempted Person 8.6
Expense and Interest Payments 7.2(e)
Extended End Date 7.1(c)
Families First Act 8.6
Fee Letter 4.9(a)
Financing 4.9(a)
Foreign Benefit Plan 3.12(g)
Foreign Regulatory Filings 5.5(a)
Foreign Regulatory Laws 3.4(a)
Government Official 3.9(i)
Governmental Entity 8.6
Guarantor 8.6
HSR Act 3.4(a)
Indemnified Parties 5.7(a)
Indenture Redemption Amount 5.17(b)
Infringing 8.6
Initial End Date 7.1(c)
Insurance Amount 5.7(b)
Insurance Policies 3.17
Intellectual Property 8.6

--- Page 7 ---
Table of Contents
International Trade Laws 8.6
Intervening Event 8.6
IT Assets 3.14(m)(i)
knowledge 8.6
Law 8.6
Leases 3.16(b)
Legal Requirement 8.6
Lender Related Party 8.6
Lenders 8.6
Liens 8.6
Limited Guarantee Recitals
LTI Award Consideration 2.4(f)
Marketing Period 8.6
Marks 8.6, 8.6
Material Adverse Effect 8.6
Material Contract 3.10(a)
Materials of Environmental Concern 8.6
Merger Recitals
Merger Consideration 2.1(b)
Merger Sub Preamble
Misconduct 3.13(e)
Money Transfer Agent 8.6
Money Transfer Change of Control Filings 5.5(a)
Money Transmitter License 8.6
Money Transmitter Requirements 8.6
NASDAQ 8.6
New Approval 5.18
New Debt Commitment Letters 5.13(d)
Notice Period 5.4(e)(iii)
OFAC 8.6
Open Source License 8.6
Open Source Software 3.14(g)
Order 8.6
Parent Preamble
Parent Disclosure Schedule Article IV
Parent Liability Limitation 7.2(e)
Parent Material Adverse Effect 8.6
Parent Plans 5.6(c)
Parent Related Party 8.6
Parent Termination Fee 8.6
Patents 8.6, 8.6
Paying Agent 2.6(a)
PBGC 3.12(e)
Permitted Co-Investor 8.6
Permitted Lien 8.6
Permitted LP 8.6
Permitted Preferred Purchaser 8.6
person 8.6
Personal Data 3.14(m)(ii)
Plan 3.12(a)
Pre-2023  Company Performance Cash Award 2.4(d)
Pre-2023  Company Performance-Based RSU Award 2.4(c)
Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU Award 2.4(b)
Prior Bidder 5.4(a)
Privacy Laws 3.14(m)(iii)
Privacy Policy 3.14(m)(iv)
Prohibited LP 8.6
Protection Period 5.6(a)
Proxy Statement 3.4(a)
Registered IP 3.14(a)
Related Software 8.6
Representatives 5.2(a)
Required Financial Information 8.6
Required Financing Amount 4.9(d)
Required Money Transfer Approval 6.2(c)
Sanctions 3.9(g)
Sanctions Authority 3.9(g)
Sarbanes-Oxley Act 3.5(a)
SEC 8.6
Securities Act 3.5(a)
Security Incident 3.14(l)

--- Page 8 ---
A-vSecurityholder 8.6
Shares 2.1
Software 8.6
Solicitation Period End Date 5.4(a)
Standstill Agreement 8.6
Subsidiary 8.6
Superior Proposal Notice 5.4(e)(ii)
Surviving Company 1.1
Tax 3.11(q)(i)
Tax Return 3.11(q)(ii)
Transaction Documents 8.6
U.S. GAAP 8.6
WARN Act 3.13(c)
Warrant Consideration 2.2
Willful and Material Breach 8.6

--- Page 9 ---
Table of Contents
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of February 14, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this
“Agreement ”), is entered into by and among Mobius Parent Corp., a Delaware Corporation (“ Parent ”), Mobius Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a Subsidiary of Parent (“ Merger Sub ”), and MoneyGram International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”).
RECITALS
WHEREAS, the parties intend that, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Company, with
the Company being the Surviving Company (the “ Merger ”);
WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the “ Company Board ”) by resolutions duly adopted by the vote of the Company Board at a meeting
duly called and held, which resolutions have not as of the date of this Agreement been subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way, has
unanimously (i) determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved, adopted, declared advisable and authorized in all respects this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Merger, (iii) directed that the Merger be submitted to the stockholders of the Company for approval at the Company
Stockholders Meeting and (iv) recommended that the Company’s stockholders approve the Merger;
WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of Parent and Merger Sub have (i) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and (ii) determined that this
Agreement and such transactions are fair to, and in the best interests of, Parent and Merger Sub and their respective stockholders;
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the Company’s willingness to enter into this
Agreement, the Guarantors are entering into a limited guarantee in favor of the Company (the “ Limited Guarantee ”), pursuant to which, subject to the
terms and conditions contained therein, the Guarantors are guaranteeing certain obligations of Parent and Merger Sub in connection with this
Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
THE MERGER
1.1. The Merger . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (“ DGCL ”), at the
Effective Time, Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Company, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the
Company shall continue its corporate existence under the Laws of the State of Delaware as the surviving corporation in the Merger (hereinafter
sometimes referred to as the “ Surviving Company ”).
1.2. Closing of the Merger . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the proviso in this Section  1.2, the closing of the Merger (the
“Closing ”) will take place, unless another time, date or place is agreed to in writing by the parties, by electronic exchange and release of signature pages
at 10:00 a.m. (local
A-1

--- Page 10 ---
Table of Contents
time), no later than the third (3rd) Business Day (or, if earlier, the Business Day immediately prior to the End Date (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving
effect to any extension thereof in accordance with Section  7.1(c) )) after the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by applicable Law) of the
conditions (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those
conditions) set forth in Article VI ; provided , that if the Marketing Period has not ended prior to such Business Day (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, as a result of any extension of the End Date pursuant to Section  7.1(c)  to accommodate the Marketing Period), the Closing will occur on the
second (2nd) Business Day after the final day of the Marketing Period unless an earlier date has been agreed by Parent in writing. The date on which the
Closing occurs is the “ Closing Date .”
1.3. Effective Time . On the Closing Date, the Company and Merger Sub shall cause the Merger to be consummated by executing, delivering and filing a
certificate of merger (the “ Certificate of Merger ”) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL and other applicable Delaware Law and shall make such other filings or recordings required under the DGCL in connection with the Merger. The
Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later
time on the Closing Date as may be agreed by Parent and the Company and specified in the Certificate of Merger in accordance with the DGCL (such time
as the Merger becomes effective is referred to herein as the “ Effective Time ”).
1.4. Effects of the Merger . At and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the foregoing and
subject to the foregoing, at the Effective Time, all of the property, assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises of Merger Sub and the
Company shall vest in the Surviving Company and all of the debts, liabilities and duties of Merger Sub and the Company shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Surviving Company.
1.5. Certificate of Incorporation . The certificate of incorporation of the Company, as in effect as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall by virtue
of the Merger be amended and restated as of the Effective Time so as to read in its entirety as set forth in Annex A , and as so amended and restated shall
be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Company following the Merger until thereafter amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and
applicable Law.
1.6. Bylaws . The bylaws of the Company, as in effect as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall by virtue of the Merger be amended and restated
as of the Effective Time so as to read in their entirety as set forth in Annex B , and as so amended and restated shall be the bylaws of the Surviving
Company until thereafter amended in accordance with the provisions thereof, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Company and applicable
Law.
1.7. Board of Directors . The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, with such additional individuals that Parent may designate
prior to the Effective Time to serve as directors of the Surviving Company, shall be the directors of the Surviving Company as of the Effective Time, each
to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Company as amended as of the Effective Time, until their
respective successors are duly elected or appointed (as the case may be) and qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or removal.
1.8. Officers . The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Company as of the Effective Time,
each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Company as amended as of the Effective Time, until
their respective successors are duly appointed, or their earlier death, resignation or removal.
A-2

--- Page 11 ---
Table of Contents
ARTICLE II.
CONSIDERATION
2.1. Effect on Common Stock . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares (the “ Shares ”)
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “ Common Stock ”):
(a) any Shares then held by the Company, any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or any entity of which Merger Sub is a
direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be cancelled and retired and no cash or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor (the
“Cancelled Shares ”); and
(b) each share of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares or Cancelled Shares) shall be
cancelled and converted into the right to receive $11.00 in cash, without interest (the “ Merger Consideration ”).
2.2. Effect on  Company Warrants . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any warrant to
purchase Shares (a “ Company Warrant ”), each Company Warrant (or portion thereof) that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the excess, if any, of the
Merger Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price of such Company Warrant and (b) the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of such
Company Warrant (or portion thereof) (the “ Warrant Consideration ”).
2.3. Merger Sub Capital Stock . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub, any such shares of common stock of Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into and become one share of common stock of the Surviving Company.
2.4. Treatment of Company Equity Awards and Company Performance Cash Awards .
(a) General . At the Effective Time, each award of options to purchase shares of Common Stock (a “ Company Option  Award ”) granted pursuant to the
Company’s 2005 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, together with all other equity plans and
arrangements that provide for the issuance of equity or equity-based awards, the “ Company Stock Plan ”) whether vested or unvested, that is
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, each of which has an exercise price equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration and therefore is
expected to have no intrinsic value at the Effective Time, shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof,
automatically be cancelled and retired and no cash or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor, and the Company shall have no further
obligations with respect to such Company Option Award.
(b) Pre-2023  Time-Vesting RSUs . At the Effective Time, each award of restricted stock units subject to time-based vesting granted prior to January 1, 2023
pursuant to the Company Stock Plan representing the right to receive shares of Common Stock (including any award originally subject to performance-
based vesting for which the performance period has been completed and performance threshold satisfied and which is now subject solely to time-based
vesting) that has not been settled (each, a “ Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU  Award ”), that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall,
by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, automatically become fully vested and be canceled in exchange for the
right to receive, at the Effective Time and in full satisfaction of the Company’s obligations with respect to such Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU
Award, an amount in cash (subject to any applicable withholding Taxes) equal to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of shares
of Common Stock subject to such Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU Award (which, with respect to any award originally subject to performance-based
vesting for which the performance period has been completed and performance threshold satisfied, and which is
A-3

--- Page 12 ---
Table of Contents
now subject solely to time-based vesting, means the number of shares of Common Stock for which the applicable performance criteria were achieved and
are subject to time-based vesting).
(c) Pre-2023  Performance-Vesting RSUs . At the Effective Time, each award of restricted stock units subject to performance-based vesting granted prior to
January 1, 2023 pursuant to the Company Stock Plan representing the right to receive shares of Common Stock for which the performance period has not
been completed (each, a “ Pre-2023  Company Performance-Based RSU Award ”), that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, automatically become vested as to a number of shares of Common Stock subject
to such Pre-2023  Company Performance-Based RSU Award based on achievement of the performance criteria set forth in the applicable award agreement
at the greater of the target level and the actual level of performance achieved immediately prior to the Effective Time and shall be canceled in
consideration for the right to receive, at the Effective Time and in full satisfaction of the Company’s obligations with respect to such Pre-2023  Company
Performance-Based RSU Award, an amount in cash (subject to any applicable withholding Taxes) equal to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration
and (ii) such vested number of shares of Common Stock.
(d) Cash-Based Awards . At the Effective Time, each performance-based cash award granted prior to January 1, 2023 pursuant to the Company Stock Plan,
whether vested or unvested, representing the right to receive cash payments, whether subject to performance-based vesting requirements or time-based
vesting requirements (each, a “ Pre-2023  Company Performance Cash Award ”), that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, automatically become fully vested and be canceled in exchange for the right to
receive, at the Effective Time and in full satisfaction of the Company’s obligations with respect to such Pre-2023  Company Performance Cash Award, an
amount in cash (subject to any applicable withholding Taxes) equal to the aggregate cash amount payable pursuant to such Pre-2023  Company
Performance Cash Award based on achievement of the performance criteria set forth in the applicable award agreement at the greater of the target level
and the actual level of performance achieved immediately prior to the Effective Time. Each performance-based cash award granted on or after January 1,
2023 pursuant to the Company Stock Plan, whether vested or unvested, representing the right to receive cash payments, whether subject to performance-
based vesting requirements or time-based vesting requirements, that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall continue in accordance
with its terms.
(e) 2023 RSUs . At the Effective Time, each award of restricted stock units subject to either time-based or performance-based vesting granted in or
following calendar year 2023 pursuant to the Company Stock Plan representing the right to receive shares of Common Stock (including any award
originally subject to performance-based vesting for which the performance period has been completed and performance threshold satisfied and which is
now subject solely to time-based vesting) (each, a “ 2023 Company RSU ”) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall, unless otherwise
agreed to in writing by Parent and the holder of such 2023 Company RSU, automatically be converted into a cash-settled long-term incentive award (a
“Converted Award ”), representing a right to receive an amount of cash, without interest, equal to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration and (ii) the
number of Shares underlying such 2023 Company RSU (and, with respect to any such 2023 Company RSU, that is subject to performance based vesting,
such number of Shares will be based on achievement of the performance criteria set forth in the applicable award agreement at the greater of the target
level and the actual level of performance achieved immediately prior to the Effective Time), on the same vesting terms and conditions applicable to such
2023 Company RSU immediately before the Effective Time (it being understood that the Merger will not in and of itself constitute a single-trigger
acceleration, vesting or payment event with respect to such Shares). On the date, and to the extent, that the Converted Award becomes vested, such
vested Converted Award shall be paid, subject to any applicable withholding taxes, as soon as practicable thereafter (but in any event not later than the
second regular payroll date thereafter). The Company shall take all actions necessary to provide for the foregoing actions.
(f) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to effectuate the treatment of the Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU Awards,
the Pre-2023  Company Performance-Based RSU Awards and
A-4

--- Page 13 ---
Table of Contents
the Pre-2023  Company Performance Cash Awards (collectively, the “ Company LTI Awards ”), including the payment of the consideration described in
Section  2.4(b) , (c) or (d), as applicable (the “ LTI Award  Consideration ”) and cancellation of such Company LTI Awards as of the Effective Time. The
Company will ensure that, following the Effective Time, no participant in the Company Stock Plan or otherwise will have any right thereunder to acquire
any equity securities of the Company, the Surviving Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries. The provisions of Section  2.4(b) , Section  2.4(c)  and
Section  2.4(e)  shall apply to all Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU Awards, all Pre-2023  Company Performance-Based RSU Awards and all 2023 Company
RSUs except as otherwise agreed to in writing signed prior to the Effective Time by Parent and a holder of a Pre-2023  Company Time-Based RSU Award, a
Pre-2023  Company Performance-Based RSU Award or a 2023 Company RSU.
2.5. Dissenting Shares .
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent required by the DGCL, any shares of Common Stock that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and as to which the holders thereof have not voted in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and
have properly demanded appraisal in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and have not effectively withdrawn such demand (collectively,
“Dissenting Shares ”) shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section  2.1, and such holders shall be
entitled only to such rights and payments as are granted by Section 262 of the DGCL; provided , however , that if any such holder shall effectively waive,
withdraw, not properly demand or perfect or otherwise lose such holder’s rights under Section 262 of the DGCL, each of such holder’s Dissenting Shares
shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section  2.1,
without interest and after giving effect to any required Tax withholdings as provided herein, and such holder thereof shall cease to have any other rights
with respect thereto. At the Effective Time, any holder of Dissenting Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the rights provided
in Section 262 of the DGCL and as provided in the previous sentence.
(b) The Company shall give Parent prompt notice of any written notices received by the Company prior to the Effective Time with respect to any intent to
demand or written demands for appraisal with respect to any shares of Common Stock, attempts to withdraw such notices or demands and any other
instruments or notices served pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL or other applicable Law relating to stockholders’ appraisal rights. Parent shall have the
right to control all negotiations and proceedings with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL or other applicable Law
relating to stockholders’ appraisal rights. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent or as otherwise required by an Order of a
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction, make any payment or other commitment with respect to any such demands for appraisal, offer to settle or
settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal, resolution or settlement of any such demands.
2.6. Paying Agent .
(a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall enter into an agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company with the Company’s
transfer agent or a bank or trust company that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company to act as paying agent (the “ Paying Agent ”). At or immediately
prior to the Effective Time, Parent or one of its Subsidiaries shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with the Paying Agent, for the benefit of the
holders of Shares (other than Dissenting Shares or Cancelled Shares), Company LTI Awards and Company Warrants, cash in U.S. dollars sufficient to
make the aggregate payments required to be made at the Effective Time pursuant to this Article II . With respect to any Dissenting Shares, Parent shall
only be required to deposit or cause to be deposited with the Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration payable in
respect of such Dissenting Shares if the holder thereof fails to perfect or effectively withdraws or loses its right to dissent under the DGCL. The funds
held by the Paying Agent shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by Parent; provided , however , to the extent such funds are not sufficient to
make the payments required to be made at the Effective Time pursuant to this Article II , Parent shall, or shall cause the
A-5

--- Page 14 ---
Table of Contents
Surviving Company to, promptly replace or restore the lost portion of such fund so as to ensure that it is maintained at a level sufficient to make such
payments.
(b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time (but in any event no later than three (3) Business Days thereafter), Parent shall cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of Shares (other than Dissenting Shares or Cancelled Shares) or Company Warrants, in each case, that
immediately prior to the Effective Time were evidenced by certificates (the “ Certificates ”): (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration or the Warrant Consideration, as applicable.
Upon proper surrender of a Certificate (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof in accordance with Section  2.6(g) ) for exchange and cancellation to the Paying
Agent, together with a letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents
as may be reasonably required pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger
Consideration in respect of the Shares or the Warrant Consideration in respect of the Company Warrants formerly represented by such Certificate and
such Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of the Certificates on the Merger
Consideration or Warrant Consideration, as applicable, payable upon the surrender of the Certificates.
(c) Any holder of record of Shares (other than Dissenting Shares or Cancelled Shares) or Company Warrants, in each case, that immediately prior to the
Effective Time were not evidenced by certificates (the “ Book Entry Shares ”) shall not be required to deliver a Certificate or, unless reasonably requested
by the Paying Agent, an executed letter of transmittal to the Paying Agent in order to receive the aggregate Merger Consideration or Warrant
Consideration, as applicable, with respect to such Book Entry Shares, and as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent
shall pay and deliver to each holder of Book Entry Shares the aggregate Merger Consideration or Warrant Consideration, as applicable, in respect of such
Book Entry Shares, and such Book Entry Shares shall then be canceled. No interest will be paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of Book Entry Shares
on the Merger Consideration or Warrant Consideration, as applicable, payable in respect of such Book Entry Shares.
(d) If the payment of the Merger Consideration or Warrant Consideration, as applicable, is to be made to a person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor or the registered holder of Book Entry Shares, it shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so
surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for transfer or such Book
Entry Shares shall be properly transferred, and that the person requesting such payment shall pay to the Paying Agent in advance any applicable stock
transfer or other Taxes or shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Paying Agent that such Taxes have been paid or are not payable.
(e) At and after the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the transfer books of the Company of the Shares or Company Warrants that were issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates representing such securities are presented for transfer to
the Paying Agent, Surviving Company or Parent they shall be (subject to compliance with the other provisions of this Article II ) cancelled and exchanged
for the Merger Consideration or the Warrant Consideration, as applicable, as provided in this Article II . From and after the Effective Time, the holders of
Shares and Company Warrants, in each case outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall cease to have any rights with respect to such
Shares and Company Warrants except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable Law.
(f) Any portion of the funds deposited with the Paying Agent pursuant to Section  2.6(a)  (including any interest or other proceeds of any investment
thereon) that remains unclaimed by the Securityholders twelve (12) months after the Effective Time shall be paid, at the request of Parent, to Parent or as
directed by Parent. Any Securityholders who have not theretofore complied with this Article II  shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Company for
payment of the Merger Consideration, LTI Award Consideration or the Warrant
A-6

--- Page 15 ---
Table of Contents
Consideration, as applicable, in respect of the Shares, Company LTI Awards or Company Warrants held by such Securityholder at the Effective Time as
determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of
Parent, the Company, the Paying Agent or any other person shall be liable to any former Securityholder for any amount properly delivered to a public
official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Laws.
(g) In the event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent or the Paying Agent, the posting by such person of a bond in such amount as Parent
or the Paying Agent may determine is reasonably necessary as indemnity against any Claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate,
the Paying Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration or the Warrant Consideration, as
applicable, deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement.
2.7. Withholding . Each of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company, the Surviving Company and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold or cause to be deducted and withheld from any payment otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be
deducted and withheld with respect to such payment under applicable Tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the recipient of the payment in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made.
2.8. Certain Adjustments . Without limiting the obligations of the Company under this Agreement (including Section  5.1), if between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, the number of Shares or the number of Shares issuable upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any issued and
outstanding securities of the Company (including the Company Option Awards, Company LTI Awards and Company Warrants) are changed into a
different number or a different class by reason of any reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution,
recapitalization, or other similar transaction, then the Merger Consideration, Warrant Consideration, LTI Award Consideration and any other dependent
items, as applicable, shall be appropriately and proportionately adjusted and as so adjusted shall, from and after the date of such event, be the Merger
Consideration, Warrant Consideration, LTI Award Consideration or other dependent item, as applicable; provided, that in no event will the aggregate
Merger Consideration, Warrant Consideration, LTI Award Consideration or other payments required to be made under this Article II  increase as a result
of any such adjustment.
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
Except as (i) disclosed in the Company Reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC since January 1, 2020 and prior to the date hereof (other than such
disclosures in such Company Reports contained in the “Risk Factors” and “Forward Looking Statements” sections thereof or that are otherwise
cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature) (it being acknowledged that this clause (i)  shall not apply to any of Sections  3.2, 3.3, 3.21 and 3.23 ) or
(ii) set forth on the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub upon the execution of this Agreement (the “ Company
Disclosure Schedule ”) (it being agreed that disclosure of any item in any section of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall also be deemed disclosure
with respect to any other Section of this Agreement to which the relevance of such item is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure), the
Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:
3.1. Corporate Organization .
(a) The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. The Company is in good standing under
the Laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite
A-7

--- Page 16 ---
Table of Contents
corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate all of its properties, rights and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted,
and is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties, rights and assets owned, leased or operated by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in
good standing would not have or reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the Company, each as amended, restated or amended and restated through the date hereof, copies of which have been made
available to Parent, are true, complete and correct copies of such documents as in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement.
(b) Each Subsidiary of the Company (i) is duly organized and validly existing as a corporation, partnership or other entity and is in good standing to the
extent such concept is applicable under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (ii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing
in all jurisdictions (whether federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified or licensed and (iii) has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to own or lease its properties, rights and assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing, licensed, qualified or in good standing would not have or reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The certificate of incorporation, bylaws and similar governing documents of
each Subsidiary of the Company, each as amended, restated or amended and restated through the date hereof, copies of which have been made available
to Parent, are true, complete and correct copies of such documents as in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement.
3.2. Capitalization .
(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 162,500,000 shares of Common Stock and 7,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value
per share. As of February 11, 2022, there were (i) 90,725,982 shares of Common Stock outstanding (and 1,579,029 shares of Common Stock held in
treasury), (ii) 0 shares of preferred stock outstanding, (iii) Company Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,458,314 shares of Common Stock
outstanding, (iv) 131,153 shares of Common Stock subject to Company Option Awards (with a weighted average exercise price per Share of $17.5434), (v)
3,684,566 shares of Common Stock subject to Pre-2023 Company Time-Based RSU Awards, (vi) 419,760  shares of Common Stock subject to Pre-2023
Company Performance-Based RSU Awards (which is the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable under such Pre-2023 Company
Performance-Based RSU Awards) and (vii) 4,106,694  shares of Common Stock remaining available for issuance and delivery pursuant to the Company
Stock Plan. As of the date of this Agreement, Pre-2023 Company Performance Cash Awards with an aggregate value of $15,236,106.70 remain outstanding,
assuming achievement of all applicable performance goals at maximum levels. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
are, and all such shares that may be issued between the date hereof and the Closing will be, duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. No Subsidiary of the Company owns any shares of Common Stock.
(b) Except as set forth in Section  3.2(a)  and Section  3.2(b)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule and except for any Common Stock (x) issuable upon
exercise of the Company Option Awards or Company Warrants in accordance with the respective terms thereof and upon the vesting of any Pre-2023
Company Time-Based RSU Awards or Pre-2023 Company Performance-Based RSU Awards outstanding on the date hereof or (y) issued in accordance
with Section  5.1(a)(iii)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule after the date of this Agreement, (i) the Company does not have any other shares of Common
Stock, preferred stock or capital stock outstanding, (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has issued, granted or is bound by any
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible securities, preemptive rights, redemption rights, stock appreciation rights, stock-based
performance units or other similar rights or Contracts that require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or issue any shares of the capital
stock of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries (or cash in lieu of such amounts) or other equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including
any rights plan or agreement) or equity-based awards and
A-8

--- Page 17 ---
Table of Contents
(iii) there are no Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (a) issue,
transfer or sell any shares of capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for such shares or equity interests, (b) issue, grant, extend or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, call,
convertible securities, stock-based performance units or other similar right, agreement, arrangement or commitment or (c) redeem or otherwise acquire any
such shares of capital stock or other equity interests.
(c) Except as set forth in Section  3.2(c)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party that restrict the transfer of, that relate to the voting of, or that provide registration rights in respect of, the capital stock or other equity interest of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(d) Section 3.2(d)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each Subsidiary of the Company,
together with its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation and the ownership interest (and percentage interest) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, in
such Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Section  3.2(d)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its Subsidiaries own, directly or indirectly,
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each of the Subsidiaries of the Company, free and clear of any Liens
(other than Permitted Liens), other than transfer and other restrictions under applicable securities Laws, and all of such outstanding shares of stock or
other equity securities have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.
(e) Section 3.2(e)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of all joint ventures, partnerships,
limited liability companies or other companies, entities or persons, other than the Subsidiaries of the Company, in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock or equity interests, together with the Company’s or its Subsidiary’s ownership
interest (and percentage interest) in each such person.
(f) As of the date of this Agreement, (i) there is no outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money (or guarantees thereof) of the Company or its
Subsidiaries (excluding intercompany indebtedness among the Company and/or wholly-owned Subsidiaries) other than (a) indebtedness reflected on the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2021 (or the notes thereto) set forth in the Company’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed October 29, 2021 or (b) as set forth on Section  3.2(f)  of the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to become a party to, any “off balance sheet arrangement” (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation
S-K promulgated by the SEC). The Company does not have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness having the right to vote on
any matters on which stockholders may vote.
(g) Each Company Option Award was granted with an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of such underlying share of Common
Stock on the date of grant in compliance with Section 409A of the Code, has not had its exercise date or grant date delayed or “back-dated,” and has been
issued in compliance in all material respects with the applicable Company Stock Plan under which it was granted and all applicable Laws. Section  3.2(g)  of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of: (1) each Pre-2023 Company Time-Based
RSU Award and each Pre-2023 Company Performance-Based RSU Award, including (A) the name of the holder thereof, (B) the total number of Shares that
may be received pursuant thereto and (C) the applicable grant date thereof; (2) each outstanding Pre-2023 Company Performance Cash Award, including
(A) the name of the holder thereof, (B) the total amount of cash that may be received pursuant thereto and (C) the applicable grant date thereof; and (3)
each outstanding Company Warrant, including (A) the name of the holder thereof, (B) the total number of Shares that may be received pursuant thereto
and (C) the exercise price thereof.
A-9

--- Page 18 ---
Table of Contents
3.3. Authority .
(a) The Company has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to the Company Stockholder Approval, to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.