--- Page 1 ---
EX-10.1 2 glc_ex10z1.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
THIS STOCK PUR CHASE AGREE MENT  (this “Agreement ”) is made and entered
into as of July ___, 2015 (the “Effective Date ”) by and among JANIS M. TILFORD  (the
“Shareholder ”), the sole shareh older of the Company , TILFORD, INC. , a South Carolina
corporation (the “Company ”) and TNH ACQUISITION, LLC,  a Georgia limited  liability
company (“ Purchaser ”).
WITNESSETH :
WHEREAS, the Shareholder owns the number of shares of common stock of the
Company set forth opposite her name on Exhibit “A” which shares in the aggregate represen t
one hundr ed percen t (100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company (the
“Stock ”); and
WHEREAS,  the Company owns certain land, buildings, improvements, furniture,
fixtures and equipm ent comprising a skilled nursing facility located at 117 Bellefield Road,
Ridgeway , South Carolina 29130 consisting of two buildings containing 68 licensed beds and 44
licensed beds, and certain property on the other side of Bellefield Road comprising a spray  field
for treated wastewater  (the “ Facility ”); and
WHEREAS,  the Company owns  various equipment, inventories and other assets related
to the operation of the Facility; and
WHEREAS , the Facility is leased to Fairfield Home, LLC, a South Carolina limited
liability company (“Tenant ”) pursuant to a certain oral month to month lease agreement (the
“Lease ”); and
WHEREAS , Shareholder desires to sell her entire right, title and interest in and to the
Stock to Purchaser , and Purchaser desires to purchase Shareholder ’s entire right, title and interest
in and to the Stock from Shareholder , subject to and upon the terms and cond itions hereinafter
set forth.
NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual coven ants herein contained and
other good and valuable consideration, the mutual receipt and legal sufficien cy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
HNZW/513844_8doc/4232-17
--- Page 2 ---
1.1ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS
Capitalized Terms .  Capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the
meanings set forth below or in the section of this Agreement referred to below .  Such terms, as so
defined, shall include in the singular , the plural, and in the plural, the singular .
“Agreement ”  shall mean this Stock Purchase Agreement, together with all Schedules
and Exhibits attached hereto, as it and they may be amended from time to time as herein
provided.
“Business Day”  shall mean any day other than a Saturday , Sunday or any other day on
which banking institutions in the State of South Carolina are authorized by law or executive
action to close.
“Closing ”  shall mean the closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.
“Closing Date ”  shall mean the first day of the month following the month in which
Purchaser (or its designated operator) obtains all required licenses from the State of South
Carolina to operate the Facility but no later than September 30, 2015, or if extended by Purchaser
pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, no later than October 31, 2015.
“Contracts ”  shall mean all of the Company’ s service contracts, equipment leases,
booking agreements, warranties and guaranties, and other arrangements or agreements which
relate exclusively to the ownership, repair, maintenance, management, leasing or operation of the
Facility .
“Deposit ”  shall mean the amount of Fifty Thousand and 00/100s Dollars ($50,000.00)
deposited by Purchaser with Escrow Agent simultaneously with the entering hereof, and, if the
Closing Date is extended until October 31, 2015 by the Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof
an additional of Fifty Thousand and 00/100s Dollars ($50,000.00) such that, in such event the
Deposit shall mean One Hundred Thousand and No/100ths Dollars ($100,000.00) .
 “Escr ow Agent ”  shall mean Hughes White Kralicek, P.C. as agent for the Title
Company .
“Envir onmental Law ”  shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, including the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C . Sections 9601 et seq.), the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq.), the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. Sections
466 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act Sections 1401 (14 U.S.C. Section 1450 ), the Hazardous
Materials Transporta tion Act (79 U.S.C. Sections 1801 et seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act
(15 U.S.C . Sections 2601-2629) and any other federal, state, or local law, regulation, or
ordinance regarding environmental conditions or hazards.
2
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 3 ---
“ERISA ” shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.
“FF&E ”  shall mean, collec tively , all appliances, machinery , devices, fixtures, equipme nt
(including, without limitation, all kitchen equipment), furniture, furnishings, partitions, signs or
trade fixtures or other tangible personal property owned by the Company and located at the
Facility .
 “Hazardous Substa nce”  shall mean any chemical, substance, material, object,
condition, or waste harmful to human health or safety or to the environment due to its
radioactivity , ignitability , corrosivity , reactivity , explosivity , toxicity , carcinogenicity ,
infectiousness, or other harmful or potentially harmful properties or effects, including, without
limitation, petroleum or petroleum products, and all of those chemicals, substances, materials,
objects, conditions, wastes, or combinat ions of them which are now or become listed, defined or
regulated in any manner by any Environmental Law .
“Impr ovements ”  shall mean, collectively , all buildings and other structures and
improvements situated on, af fixed or appurtenant to the Land on which the Facility is located.
“Inspection Period ”  shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Date and expiring
at 5:00 p.m. eastern time on the thirtieth (30th) day after the Ef fective Date.
 “Land ”  shall mean the parcel or parcels of land described on Exhibit “B” attached
hereto on which the Facility is located, together with all appurtenances thereto.  The Land shall
include sufficient real property located across Bellefield Road from the real property upon which
the Impro vements are located, to comp rise and constitute an adequate spray field (the “Spray
Field ”) for wastewater generated from use and occupancy of the Facility and its Improvements.
Shareholder shall at her expense have a survey prepared separating the Spray Field from the
balance of the real property (and improvements thereto, if any, collectively the “Balance ”) and
convey the said Balance to the Shareholder or a third party prior to Closing.  The Balance is not
and shall not be a part of the Facility and will not be owned by the Company at Closing.
“Purchase Price ”  shall mean Three Million and 00/100s Dollars ($3,000,000.00).
 “Real Property”  shall mean, collec tively , the Land and the Improvements related to the
Facility .
“Seller  shall mean the Shareholder .
“Tax Code”  shall mean the Intern al Revenue Code of 1986 and, to the extent applicable,
the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder , each as from time to time amended.
“Title Company ”  shall mean Chicago Title Insurance Company or such other reputable
national title insurance company as may be selected by Purchaser .
3
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 4 ---
2.1
2.2
2.3
(a)
(b)
2.4
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d) (d)ARTICLE 2
PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING
Purchase and Sale.  In consideration of the payment of the Purchase Price by
Purchaser to Shareholder and for other good and valuable consideration, Shareholder hereby
agrees to sell to Purchaser , and Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from Shareholder , all of
Shareholder ’s right, title and interest in and to the Stock for the Purchase Price,  subject to and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Closing .  If the closing conditions in Article 4 and Article 5 are satisfied, the
purchase and sale of the Stock shall be consummated on the Closing Date by the release of the
documents and funds held in escrow by the Escrow Agent.  Purchaser shall have the right at any
time prior to September 30, 2015, to extend the Closing Date to October 31, 2015 upon written
notice to Shareholde r and simultaneous deposit of an additional $50,000.00 with Escrow Agent
(which, together with the initial deposit of $50,000.00 shall then comprise the Deposit as herein
defined)..  
Purchase Price .   The aggregate purchase price to be paid for the Stock shall be
the Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price shall be paid as follows:
Deposit .  Within three (3) Business Days following the Effective Date, Purchaser
shall depo sit the Initial Deposit of $50,000.00 with the Escrow Agent by wire transfer of
immediately available funds.
Cash Consideration .  The sum of Three Million and 00/100s Dollars
($3,000,000.00) (including the Deposit) , subject to adjustment as provided in Article 9, shall be
deposited into escrow with the Escrow  Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds
and released to Shareholder at the Closing.
Duties of Escr ow Agent .
Holding of Deposit .  The Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit in a non-interest
bearing account and shall pay the Deposit to the party entitled thereto in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.
IRS Stock Sales Reporting .  The Escrow Agent shall act as “the person
responsible for closing” the transactions  contemplated hereby pursuant to Sectio n 6045(e) of the
Tax Code, and the Escrow Agent shall prepare and file all informational return s, including IRS
Form 1099-B, and shall otherwise comply with the provisions of said Section 6045(e).
Escrow Agreement .  Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, Seller , Purchaser and Escro w Agent shall execute and deliver an escrow agreement
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit “C” .
CPL.  Prior to execution and delivery of the Escrow Agreement Escrow
Agent shall deliver to Shareholder and Purchaser a Closing Protection Letter issued by the Title
Company , addressed to the Shareholder and Purchaser and assuring each of them  of performance
of the duties of the Escrow Agent, by Escrow Agent.
4
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 5 ---
3.1
(a)
(b)
3.2ARTICLE 3
DILIGENCE
Inspections and Other  Diligence Activities .
Property Inspections .  During the Inspection Period and thereafter until the
Closing or the earlier termination of this Agreement, the Company shall permit Purchaser and its
representatives to conduct non-invasiv e physical inspections of the Real Property and the
Facility; provided , however , Purchase r shall not be permitted to perform any environmental
investigations or invasive testing which are beyond the scope of typical so-called “Phase I”
investigation witho ut the Company’ s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.   Except for the administrator of the Facility (whom Purchaser
may conta ct), Purchaser shall not contac t any employees or any residents of the Facility without
the Comp any’s prior written consent.  All such inspections shall be perform ed in a manner
consistent with this Agreement and so as to minimize any interference or disruptions to the
residents or the operations of the Facility .  Purchaser shall notify the Company at least one (1)
Business Day prior to making any such inspections.  For purposes of the preceding sentence
only, notice may be given by e-mail to Janis M. Tilford at jmpbt@bellsouth.net  with a copy to
Austin Sheheen at ASheheen@shgcpa.com .
Diligence Materials .  From and after the Effective Date until the Closing or the
earlier termination of this Agreement, Shareholder shall deliver to Purchaser  for Purchaser ’s
review true, correct and complete copies of any materials pertaining to the Real Property , the
Facility and/or the Company that are reasonably requested by Purchaser to the extent such
materials are within Shareholder ’s possession or control.  
Termination of Agreement .  Purchas er shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement at any time prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period by giving written notice
thereof to the Company and Sharehold er (with a copy to Escrow Agent), in which event the
Escrow Agent shall return the Deposit to Purchaser and neither party shall have any further rights
or obligations hereunder; provided, however , in such event Purchaser shall be liable for, and shall
pay to Company the costs of repairs, if any necessitated or caused by Purchaser ’s inspection of
the Real Property and the Facility pursuant to Section 3.1(a).
5
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 6 ---
3.3
3.4
3.5Title and Survey .  Within five (5) Business Days follow ing the Effective Date,
the Company shall deliver to Purchaser copies of the most recent title policies and surveys of the
Real Property that are in the Company’ s possession or control (if any).  Purchaser shall have the
right to obtain new or updated title commitments and/or surveys for the Real Property and
Purchaser shall provide copies of any such updates to the Company within five (5) Business
Days after its receipt thereof.  At least ten (10) Business Days prior to the expiration of the
Inspection Period, Purchaser shall give the Company notice of any title exceptions or other
matters set forth on the Company’ s title policies or surveys or any updates thereof as to which
Purchaser objects in its sole and absolute discretion.  The Company shall have the right, but not
the obligation, to remove, satisfy or otherwise cure any such exception or other matter as to
which Purchaser so objects. If the Company is unable or unwilling to take such actions as may be
required to cure such objections, the Company shall give Purchaser notice thereof; it being
understood and agreed that the failure of the Company to give such notice within three (3)
Business Days after its receipt of Purch aser’s notice of objection shall be deemed an election by
the Company not to remedy such matters.  If the Company shall be unable or unwilling to
remove any title defects to which Purch aser has so objected, Purchaser shall elect either (a) to
terminate this Agreement (in whole but not in part) or (b) to proceed to Closing notwithstanding
such title defect without any abatement or reduction in the Purchase Price on account thereof.
 Purchaser shall make any such election by written notice to the Company given on or prior to
the expiration of the Inspection Period; provided , however , if the Company commences to cure a
title defect and then elects not to complete such cure, Purchaser shall have the right to terminate
this Agree ment by written notice to the Company within three (3) Busines s Days after the
Company notifies Purchaser thereof.  The failure of Purchaser to give such notice shall be
deemed an election by Purchaser to proceed to Closing in accordance with clause (b) above.  
Confidentiality .  Purchase r shall not disclose or otherw ise use any data or other
information concern ing the Company or the Facility for any purpose other than for evaluating the
transaction contemp lated hereunder in the course of its due diligence as provided herein, and
Purchaser shall keep all such data and information strictly confidential.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company acknowledges that Purchaser may disclose such data and information by
furnishing copies thereof to third party consultants in the normal course of Purchaser ’s due
diligence provided that such consultants agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Section 3.4 .
Return of Materials .  If the Closing does not take place as herein contemplated
for any reason, Purchaser shall prompt ly return all materials delivered to it by the Company
pursuant to this Agreement.
6
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 7 ---
4.1
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
4.2
4.3ARTICLE 4
CONDITIONS TO PURCHASER’S OBLIGA TION TO CLOSE
The obligation of Purchaser to acquire the Stock shall be subject to the satisfact ion of the
following conditions precedent on and as of the Closing Date:
Closing Documents .  The Com pany shall have delivered to Escrow Agent and
shall have  authorize d and directed Escrow Agent to record or release to Purchaser (as applicable)
the following:
Stock Transfer Power .  A stock transfer power duly executed by Shareholder
conveying the Stock to Purchaser substantially in the form of Exhibit “D” .
Settlement Statemen t.  A settlement statement showing the Purchase Price and all
adjustment thereto in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which
settlement statement  shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Shareholder and
Purchaser , duly executed by Shareholder .
Title Affidavits .  Such  usual and customary  affidavits as the Title Company may
reasonably require, including, without limitation, a so-called owner ’s affidavit in such form as
will perm it the Title Company to issue its title policy without exceptions for parties-in-
possession or mechanic’ s liens.
Termination of the  Lease and Management Agreement .  Termination agreements
for the Lease and Management Agreem ent in form and substance acceptable to Purchaser shall
be executed and delivered to Purchaser .
Operations Transfer Agreement .  An operations transfer agreement in form and
substance acceptable to Purchaser and/or its designated operator executed on behalf of Tenant.
Other Conveyance Documents .  Such other conveyance documents and
instruments as Purchaser or the Title Company may reasonably require and as are consistent with
this Agreement and are customary in like transactions in the State of South Carolina.
Repr esentations and Warranties .  All representations and warranties of
Shareholder and the Company herein shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects
on and as of the Closing Date, and Shareholder and the Company shall certify in writing at such
Closing that each of such representatio ns and warranties are true, correct and complete in all
material respects on and as of the Closing Date.
Covenants .  Shareholder and the Company shall have performed in all material
respects all covenants and obligation s required to be performed by the Company and/or
Shareholder on or before the Closing Date.
7
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 8 ---
4.4
4.5
4.6
5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4Condition of the Facility .  The Facility shall, on the Closing Date, be in
substantially the same condition as it was on the Effective Date, normal wear and tear excepted;
provided , however , if a casualty or condemnation occurs with respect to the Facility , Article 10
shall govern the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder .
Title Policy .  The Title Company shall be committe d, subject only to payment of
its usual and customary premium at the Closing, to issue a title policy insuring that fee simple
title to the Real Property on which the Facility is located is vested in the Company .
Accounts Payable .  At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall have paid in
full all of the Company’ s accounts payable, including, without limitation, (i) principal and
interest owed with respect to any debt secured by a mortgage on the Real Property , (ii) real
property , personal property and income taxes and (iii) amounts owed under any Contracts.   
ARTICLE 5
CONDITIONS TO SHAREHOLDER’S OBLIGA TION TO CLOSE
The oblig ation of Shareholder to convey the Stock to Purchaser is subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on and as of the Closing Date:
Purchase Price .  Purchas er shall have delivered the Purchase Price to Escrow
Agent and shall have authorized and directed Escrow Agent to pay the same to Shareholder .
Closing Documents .  Purchaser shall have delivered to Escrow Agent duly
executed and acknowledged counterp arts of the documents described in Article 4, where
applicable, and shall have authorized and directed Escrow Agent to release the same to
Purchaser .
Repr esentations and Warranties .  All representations and warranties of
Purchaser herein shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects on and as of the
Closing Date, and Purchaser shall certify in writing at the Closing that each of the
representations and warranties made by Purchaser herein are true, correct and complete in all
material respects on and as of the Closing Date.
Purchaser ’s Coven ants.  Purchase r shall have performed in all material respects
all covenants and obligations required to be performed by Purchaser on or before the Closing
Date.
8
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 9 ---
6.1
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)ARTICLE 6
REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF  SHAREHOLDER AND COMP ANY
Repr esentations and Warranties . To induce Purchaser to enter into this
Agreement, Shareholder and the Company jointly and severally represent and warrant to
Purchaser as follows:
Status and Authority .  The Company is a corporation duly formed, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its state of formation, and has all requisite power and
authority under the laws of such state and its charter documents to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby .
Action .  The Company has taken (or will have taken prior to Closing) all
necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and/or any document to be delivered by the
Company hereunder  or thereunder , this Agreement and such documents shall constitute the valid
and binding obligations and agreements of the Company , enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms,  except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy ,
insolvency , reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general application affecting the rights
and remedies of creditors.
No Violations of Agreements .  Neither the execu tion, delivery or performance of
this Agreement by the Company or Shareholder , nor compliance with the terms and provisions
hereof, will result in any breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or conflict with or
constitute a default under , or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon the
Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, evidence of
indebtedness or any other agreement or instrument by which the Company or Shareholder is
bound.
Litigation .  There are no pending investigations, actions or proceedings which
questions the validity of this Agreement or any action taken or to be taken pursuant hereto or
thereto.  The Compa ny has not received  any written notice regarding any pending or threatened
litigation or administrative proceeding s which could reasonably be expect ed to materially
adversely affect the Company or the Facility or the Company’ s right to enter into this Agreement
or to consu mmate the transactions conte mplated by this Agreement.  The Company is not subject
to any judgment, order , writ, injunction,  decree or award of any court, arbitrator  or governmental
department, agency , board, bureau or instrumentality issued or entered in a proceeding to which
the Company or the Facility is or was a party .
Notices of Violation .  Except as otherwi se disclosed to Purchaser in writing, as of
the Effective Date, the Company has not received any written notice from any governmental
authority claiming that the Company and/or the Facility is in material violation of any applicable
law, code, rule, regulation, ordinance, license or permit (including, withou t limitation, any
Environmental Law).
9
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 10 ---
(f)
(g)
(h)
(i)
(j)Hazardous Substances .  The Company has not unlawfully  used, generated,
transported, treated,  constructed, deposited, stored, disposed, placed or located  at, on, under or
from the Real Property any flammabl e explosives, radioactive materials, hazardous or toxic
substances, material s or wastes, polluta nts or contaminants defined, listed or regulated by any
applicable local, state or federal environmental laws in material violatio n of any such
environmental laws where such violat ion could reasonably be expected to have an material
adverse ef fect on the Facility .
Power and Authority of Shareholder .  Shareholder has the right, power and
capacity to execute,  deliver and perform  this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated
herein to which Shareholder is a party (collectively , the “Shareholder Transaction Agreements ”)
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby .  This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Shareholder and constitutes Shareholder ’s legal, valid and
binding obligation, enforceable against Shareholder in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by applic able equitable principles or by bankruptcy , insolvency ,
reorganization, moratorium, or similar  laws affecting, creditors’  rights gener ally, and by the
exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with equitable principles.
No Conflict .  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Shareholder , the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein by Shareholder , and the performance of
the covenants and agreements of Shareholder , will not, with or without the giving of notice or the
lapse of time, or both, (a) violate, conflict with or result in a breach or defau lt under or cause
termination of any term or condition of any mortgage, indenture, contract, license, permit,
instrument, trust document, or other agreement, document or instrument to which Shareholder is
a party or by which Shareholder or any of her properties may be bound; or (b) violate any
provision of any law or any order or any legal requirement, to which Shareholde r is a party or by
which Shareholder or her properties may be bound.
Ownership of the Stock .  Shareholder owns, of record and beneficially , good and
valid title to the Stock in the amount set forth next to Shareholder ’s name on Exhibit “A” and
such shares of Stock (a) are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and (b) are free and
clear of any liens, with no defects of title whatsoever and constitute one hundred percent (100%)
of the issued and outstanding shares  of the Company .  Other than the shares of Stock,
Shareholder owns no shares of capital stock of the Company or any other equity security of the
Company  and no right of any kind to have any such equity security issued.  Upon the Closing,
Purchaser shall have obtained good and valid title to the Stock free and clear of any liens, and
with no defects of title whatsoever .  Shareholder has full and exclusive power , right and authority
to vote the shares of Stock. Shareholder is not a party to or bound by any agreement affecting or
relating to Shareholder ’s right to transfer (including any right of first refusal) or vote the shares,
and Shareholder is not a party to any contract, agreement or understanding that obligates the
Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock or other
securities of the Company .
Required Consents .  No consent, approval, authorization, or action by any third
party or governmen tal body is requir ed in connection with the execution and delivery by
Shareholder of this Agreement or the consummation by Shareholder of the transactions
contemplated herein.
10
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 11 ---
(k)
(l)
(m)
(n)
(i)
(ii)
(A)
 (B)
(o)
(i)Absence of Other Claims .  No prior offer, issue, redemption, call, purchase, sale,
merger, transfer , involvement in any transfer , negotiation or other transaction of any nature or
kind with respect to any capital stock (including shares, offers, options, warrants, or debt
convertible into shares, options or warrants) of the Company owned by Shareholder has given or
may give rise to (a) any valid claim or action by any person (including, without limitation, any
former or present holder of any of the shares of stock owned by Shareholder); or (b) and, to the
knowledge of Shareholder , no fact or circumstance exists which could give rise to any such right,
claim, action or interest on behalf of any person.
Litigation and Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities; Current Investigation.   There
are no claims, charges, arbitrations, actions, suits, proceedings, or investigatio ns pending or, to
the knowledge of Shareholder , threatened against, relating to Shareholder , at law or in equity , or
before or by any governmental body , which will prevent Shareholder from consummating the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Disclosure .  No representation or warranty or other statement made by
Shareholder or the Company in this Agreement omits to state a material fact necessary to make
any of them, in light of the circumstances in which it was made, not misleading.
Authority .
The Company has the right, legal capacity , full power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated herein to which the
Company is a party (the “Company Transaction Agreements ”) and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein and thereby .
 This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company .
Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement, nor the
consummation or performance by the Company or Shareholder of any of the transactions
contemplated hereby will, directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time or both):
violate the Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or other governing
documents of the Company;
violate, contravene or conflict with any provisions of law or any
order or legal requir ement to which the Company or Shareholder is subject or by
which the Company , Shareholder , the Stock or any of the properties or assets of
the Company may be bound or give any governmental body or other person the
right to challenge any of the contemplat ed transactions or to exercise any remedy
or obtain any relief under , any order or legal requirement to which the Company ,
Shareholder , the Stock or any of the properties or assets of the Company may be
subject, except as would not, individual ly or in the aggregate, result in a material
adverse ef fect;
Personal Property .
Schedule 6.1(p)(i)  sets forth a complete and accurate list and
description of all the personal property that the Company owns, has agreed (or has an option) to
purchase, sell or lease, or may be obligated to purchase, sell or lease.
11
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 12 ---
(ii)
(p)
(q)
(i)
(ii)
(r)
(s)The Comp any (i) has good and valid title to all the personal and
mixed, tangible and intangible properties and assets which it purports to own or which it uses in
the conduc t of its business (except for inventory); and (ii) owns such personal property free and
clear of all liens of any nature whatsoever , including any mortgages, leases, chattel mortgages,
conditional sales contracts, collateral, security arrangements and other title or interest retention
arrangements.  All properties and assets of the Company are in the possession of the Company .  
Leases . Schedule 6.1(q)  contains a complete and accurate list of all leases
pursuant to which the Company leases personal property from others.  The Company has made
available to Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of such leases.
Contractual Obligations.
Schedule 6.1(r)(i)  sets forth  a true, correct, and complete list of all
Contracts.
Each Cont ract is in full force and effect and there are not now any
existing defaults or events of default, real or claimed with respect to the Company and the other
parties thereto, or events which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute defaults, the
consequence of which, severally or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the
Company .  The Contracts are valid and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms
with respe ct to the Company and, to the Company’ s knowledge, each other party thereto, except
as enforceability may be limited by applicable equitable principles or by bankru ptcy, insolvency ,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors’  rights generally , and to the
exercise of judicial discretion in accord ance with general equitable principles.  There exists no
actual or, to the Com pany’ s knowledge,  threatened, termination, cancellation, or limitation of, or
any amend ment, modification, or change to, any Contract that would have a material adverse
effect on the comp any.  The Compan y has made available to Purchaser true, correct and
complete copies of all Contracts.
Indebtedness .  Schedule 6.1(s)  sets forth a true, correct and complete list
and description of all instruments or other documents relating to any direct or indirect
indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company , as well as indebtedness by way of lease-
purchase arrangements, guarantees, undertakings on which others rely in extending credit and all
conditional sales contracts, chattel mortgages and other security arrangements with respect to
personal property used or owned by the Company . The Company has made available to
Purchaser a true, correct and complete copy of each of the items required to be listed on
Schedule 6.1(s) .
Licenses and Permits .  Schedule 6.1(t)  contains a complet e and accurate
list of each license and permit that is held by the Company .  
12
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 13 ---
(t)
(u)
(v)
(w)
(i)Taxes.  The Company has timely filed, and as of the Closing Date will
have timely filed, all federal income tax returns, and all material state, county and local income,
franchise, property , sales, use, and other tax returns relating to the Company required to be filed
on or prior to the Closing Date, and such returns are and will be true and correct in all material
respects.  The Comp any has paid, or by the Closing Date will have paid, all federal, state, county
and local income, franchise, property , sales, use and all other taxes and assessments (including
penalties and interest in respect thereof,  if any) that have become or are due with respect to the
Company regarding any period ended on or prior to the Closing Date whether shown on such
returns or not.  No tax liens have been filed against the properties or assets of the Company or
the Facility and, to the knowledge of the Company , no claim for any additional tax or assessment
is being asserted against the Company in connection therewith by any taxing authority .  All taxes
required to be withheld on or prior to the Closing Date from employees of the Company for
income taxes, social security taxes and other employment taxes have been properly withheld, in
all material respects, and, if required on or prior to the Closing Date, have been deposited with
the appropriate governmental body .
Financial Statements .  Schedule 6.1(v)  contains the compiled balance
sheets and statements of income of the Company as of December 31, 2014, and the compiled
balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2014, and the related statement of income for
the period then ende d (collectively , the “Financial Statement s”).  The Financial Statements are,
in all material respects, true, correct and complete and present fairly the financial position of the
Company as of the dates thereof, and the related results of its operations for the years then ended.
 The compiled balance sheet as of _____________, 2015 (the “Interim Balance Sheet Date ”)
included in the Financial Statements is referred to herein as the “Interim Balance Sheet .” The
Financial Statement s are compilations that have been prepared on an income tax basis of
accounting in accordance with the books and records of the Company , applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods indicated, except that the Interim Balance Sheet is subject to normal
year-end adjustments.
No Undisclosed Liabilities .  Except as and to the extent reflected and
adequately reserved against in the Interim Balance Sheet, liabilities and obligations incurred by
the Comp any in the ordinary course of business, the Company had no material liability or
obligation whatsoever , whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise.
Employees; Labor Matters .
Schedule 6.1(x)  sets forth the names and current compensation
(broken down by category , e.g., salary , bonus, commission) of all employees of the Company ,
together with the date and amount of the last increase in compensation for each such person.  
13
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 14 ---
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)To the Company’ s knowledge, each foreign national employee of
the Company is authorized to be presen t and employed in the United States.  The Company is in
compliance in all material respects with all Laws, Orders, and Legal Requirements relating to the
regulation of foreign nationals in the United States including, without limitation, those items
relating to the employment and compensation of foreign nationals in the United States.
 Moreover , there are no unresolved past, pending or, to the Company’ s knowledge, threatened
administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, proceedings, investigations, obligations, liabilities,
losses, decrees, judgments, penalties, fines, fees, demands, demand letters, orders, directives,
claims, or notices of noncompliance or violation relating in any way to the Company or its
operations in connection with the Comp any’s employment of foreign nationals.  As used herein,
the term “foreign national” means a person who is not a citizen of the United States of America.
The Company , within the last three (3) years, has not experienced
any slowdown, work interruption, strike, or work stoppage.  The Company is not a party to and
has no obligation pursuant to, any oral or written agreement, collective bargaining or otherwise,
with any party regarding the rates of pay or working conditions of any of its employees nor is the
Company obligated under any agreemen t to recognize or bargain with any labor organization or
union on behalf of such employees.  Neither the Company , nor any member of the governing
body of the Company , nor any of the Company’ s officers or employees, has been charged or
threatened in writing with the charge of any unfair labor practice.  The Company is in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable legal requirements concerning the
employer -employee relationship in respect of its employees.  The Company has paid, or will pay
in a timely manner , any wages, bonuses, or commissions required to be paid to its employees for
all service s performed by them to the Closing Date.  The Company does not have any
employment contrac t, consulting agreement (other than the management agreement between
Fairfield Home, LLC, the tenant of the Facility , and Laurel Baye Healthcare, LLC, to provide
management for the Facility , the “Management Agreement”), termination or severance
agreement, salary continuation agreement, change of control agreement or any other contract or
other agreement, including offers for any of the above, respecting the terms and conditions of
employment or payment of compensation to any current or former employee or other service
provider of the Company .  To the knowledge of the Company , no employee of the Company is a
party to, or is otherwise bound by, any contract, agreement or arrangeme nt between such
employee and any other person that in any way adversely affects or will affect the performance
of such Person’ s duties as an employee of the Company .
Schedule 6.1(dd)(x)  sets forth the name  and title of each director
and officer of the Company .  The sole director of the Company receives compensation from the
Company for services as a director or of ficer of the Company .
All persons classified by the Company as independent contractors
have been properly classified in accord ance with all applicable legal requirements and no such
person is eligible to participate in any Company benefit plan or would be eligible to participate if
the Company’ s classification of such person as an independent contractor  is subsequently
determined to be incorrect.  The Company has not received in writing a claim from any
governmental body to the effect that the Company has improperly classified any person as an
independent contrac tor, nor to the knowledge of the Company has any such claim been
threatened.
14
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 15 ---
(x)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)Employee Benefits .  
All Comp any benefit plans are listed on Schedule 6.1(y) .   The
Company does not maintain, nor in the last five (5) years has it maintained or contributed to, any
Company benefit plan.  Each Company  benefit plan has been administered in compliance in all
material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Tax Code and other applicable
Governmental Regu lations.  Each Company benefit plan which is intended to be qualified within
the meaning of the Tax Code §401(a) is so qualified and has received a determination, opinion or
advisory letter from the Internal Revenu e Service upon which it may rely regar ding its qualified
status and nothing has occurred, whethe r by action or failure to act, that could cause the loss of
such qualification.  No Company benef it plan is or has ever been subject to Title IV of ERISA,
Section 412 of the Tax Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and neither Shareholder nor any ERISA
Affiliate have incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA.  No Company benefit plan
provides or promise s to provide employee welfare benefits (as defined in ERISA §3(1)) to any
current or former employee or his or her family members beyond termination of service or
retirement, other than coverage mandated by law.  To the Company’ s knowledge , there have been
no prohibited transactions or other fiduciary breaches with respect to any Company benefit plan.
 No action or investigation with respect to any Company benefit plan or any trustees or
fiduciaries thereof (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Company’ s
knowledge, threatened and no completed action or investigation has resulted in the imposition of
any tax or penalty .  Each “nonqualified  deferred compensation plan” subject to the Tax Code
§409A  is either exempt from coverage by the Tax Code §409A  or complies with the Tax Code
§409A  and has been operated and timely amended since January 1, 2005 in good faith
compliance with the Tax Code §409A  and all applicable guidance issued thereunder .
The Company has never been a memb er of an affiliated service
group under the Tax Code Section 414(m) and is not a party to an employee leasing arrangement
covered by the Tax Code Section 414(n).
The Company has made available to Purchaser:  (i) copies of all
material documents setting forth the terms of each Company benefit plan, including all
amendments thereto and all related trust documents; (ii) the three most recent annual reports
(Form Series 5500), if any, required under ERISA  or the Tax Code in conn ection with each
Company benefit plan; (iii) the most recent summary plan description, if any, required under
ERISA  with respect to each Company benefit plan; (iv) all material written contracts,
instruments or agreements relating to each Company benefit plan, including administrative
service agreements and group insurance contracts; (v) the most recent IRS determination or
opinion letter issued with respect to each Company benefit plan intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Tax Code; (vi) all documents relating to any governm ental audit of a
Company benefit plan; and (vii) all filings under the IRS’ Employee Plans Compliance
Resolution System Program or any of its predecessors or the U.S. Department of Labor
Delinquent Filer Program or Voluntary Fiduciary Correction Program.
15
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 16 ---
(iv)
(y)
6.2
6.3All payme nts required by each Company benefit plan with respect
to all prior periods have been made or provided for by the Company in accordance with the
provisions of the Company benefit plan, applicable law and generally accepted accounting
principles.  The consummation of the transactions described herein (i) will not cause Purchaser
or any of its ERISA  Affiliates to incur or suffer any liability , contingent or otherwise, relating to
any Company benefit plan, and (ii) will not cause, alone or in combination with other events, the
acceleration of payment of vesting of any benefit under a Company benefit plan.
Insurance Policies .  Schedule 6.1(z) sets forth a comple te and accurate list
and description of all insurance policies  in force naming the Company , or any employees thereof
in their capacity as such, as an insured or beneficiary or as a loss payable payee, or for which the
Company has paid or is obligated to pay all or part of the premiums.  The Company has not
received notice of any pending or threatened termination or premium increase (retroactive or
otherwise) with respect thereto, and the Company is in material compliance with all conditions
contained therein.  There have been no lapses (whether cured or not) in the coverage provided
under the insurance policies, during the term of such policies, as extended or renewed.  The
Company has made available to Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of each of the
policies required to be listed on Schedule 6.1(z) .
Knowledge Define d.  All references in this Agreement to “the Company’ s
knowledge” or words of similar import shall refer to the actual knowledge of Janis M. Tilford.
Survival .  The representations and warranties made in this Agreement by the
Company shall be continuing and shall be deemed remade as of the Closing Date, with the same
force and effect as if made on, and as of, such date, subject to the Company’ s right to update
such representations  and warranties by written notice to Purchaser prior to the Closing Date.  All
representations and warranties made in this Agreement by the Company and Shareholder shall
survive the Closing for a period of two (2) years.  Purchaser must notify the Company and
Shareholder of any alleged breach of any representation on or before the day preceding the
second anniversary of the Closing Date, and no action or proceeding may be commenced against
the Compa ny for any breach of any representation or warranty after the day preceding the second
anniversary of the Closing Date.
16
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 17 ---
6.4 AS-IS .
7.1
(a)
(b)  EXCEPT  AS OTHER WISE EXPRESSL Y PROVIDED IN THIS
AGREEMENT , SHAREHOLDER AND THE COMP ANY  HAVE NOT  MADE, AND
PURCHASER HAS NOT  RELIE D UPON, ANY  INFORMA TION, PROMISE,
REPRESENT ATION OR WARRANTY , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REG ARDING THE
COMP ANY  OR THE FACILITY , INCLUDING, WITHOUT  LIMI TATION, ANY
INFORMA TION, PROMISE, REPRE SENT ATION OR WARRANTY  REG ARDING THE
PHYSICAL  CONDITION OR VALUE OF THE FACILITY , TITLE TO OR THE
BOUNDARIES OF ANY  OF THE REAL PROPER TY, PEST  CONTROL  MATTERS, SOIL
CONDITIONS, THE PRESENCE, EXISTENCE OR ABSENCE OF HAZARDOUS
SUBST ANCES, TOXIC SUBST ANCES OR OTHER ENVIRONMENT AL MATTERS,
COMPLIANCE WITH BUILDING, HEAL TH, SAFETY , LAND USE AND ZONING LAWS,
REGULA TIONS AND ORDERS, STRUCTURAL  AND OTHER ENGINEERING
CHARACTERISTICS, TRAFFIC PATTERNS, MARKET  DATA, ECONOMIC CONDITIONS
OR PROJECTIONS , AND ANY  OTHE R INFORMA TION PERTAINING TO THE FACILITY
OR THE MARKET  AND PHYSICAL  ENVIRONMENT  IN WHICH IT MAY BE LOCA TED
AND SELLER EXPRESSL Y DISCLAIMS ALL  WARRANTIES RELEV ANT  TO THE
COMP ANY  OR THE FACILITY , EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
MERCHANT ABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND  SUIT ABILITY
FOR ITS INTENDE D USE.  PURCHAS ER ACKNOWLEDGES THA T (A) PURCHASER IS A
SOPHISTICA TED OWNER OF FACILITY  SIMILAR TO THE FACILITY , (B) PURCHASER
HAS ENT ERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT  WITH THE INTENTION OF MAKING AND
RELYING UPON ITS OWN INVESTIGA TION OR THA T OF THIRD PARTIES WITH
RESPECT  TO THE PHYSICAL, ENVIRONMENT AL, ECONOMIC AND LEGAL
CONDITION OF THE COMP ANY  AND THE FACILITY  AND (C) PURCHASER IS NOT
RELYING UPON ANY  STATEMENTS, REPRESENT ATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, AND IS ACQUIRING THE FACILITY  IN “AS IS, WHERE IS” CONDITION,
EXCEPT  AS SPECIFICALL Y SET  FOR TH IN THIS AGREEMENT .
ARTICLE 7
REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF  PURCHASER
Repr esentations of Purchaser .  To induc e the Company and Sharehold er to enter
in this Agreement, Purchaser represen ts and warrants to the Company and Shareholder as
follows:
Status and Authority of Purchaser .  Purchaser is a limited liability company duly
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of formation, and has all
requisite power and authority under the laws of such state and its charter documents to enter into
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby .
Action of Purchase r, Etc.  Purchase r has taken (or will have taken prior to
Closing) all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and/or any document to be
delivered by Purchaser hereunder or thereunder , this Agreement and such documents shall
17
HNZW/513844_8.doc/4232-17
--- Page 18 ---
(c)
(d)
(e)constitute the valid and binding obliga tions and agreements of Purchaser , enforceable against
Purchaser in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general application
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors.
Purchase of Unregistered Stock.   Purchaser specifically warrants, acknowl