--- Page 1 ---
EX-2.2 3 dex22.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 2.2
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
BY AND AMONG
NEWGISTICS, INC.
AND
LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT , INC.,
ELMWOOD TRANSPOR TATION SER VICES, INC.
AND PRIME ADV ANT AGE CORPORA TION
Dated as of Mar ch 9, 2007
 
1
--- Page 2 ---
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
This Stock Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of March 9, 2007, by and among Newgistics, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the “Purchaser), Logistics Management, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the “Company”), Elmwood Transportation Services, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation (“Elmwood”), and Prime Advantage Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Seller”).
Recitals
A. The Seller owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company and of Elmwood (the “Shares”).
B. The Seller desires to sell to the Purchaser all of the Shares, and the Purchaser desires to purchase all of the Shares from the Seller , upon the
terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement.
Agreement
In consideration of the premises and the respective mutual agreements, covenants, representations and warranties contained herein, the parties to
this Agreement agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
1.1 Defined Terms.
In addition to terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms when utilized in this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires, shall have the meanings indicated:
“Affiliate” has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act.
“Affiliated Group” means any af filiated group within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code.
“Aggregate Deductible” is defined in Section 9.4(a) of this Agreement.
“Aggregate Purchase Price” is defined in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.
“Agreement” is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.
“Audit” is defined in Section 8.4(f) of this Agreement.
“Auditor” is defined in Section 3.4(b) of this Agreement.
“Auditor Determination” is defined in Section 3.4(b) of this Agreement.
 
2
--- Page 3 ---
“Authority” means any federal, state, local or foreign governmental regulatory agency , commission, bureau, authority , court or arbitration
tribunal.
“Benefit Plans” is defined in Section 5.18(a) of this Agreement.
“Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday , a Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or obligated
to close.
“Cash” means the cash and cash equivalents of the Company and Elmwood (including marketable securities and short-term investments, but
excluding amounts reserved in a freight payment cash account) calculated in accordance with GAAP  applied on a basis consistent with the preparation
of the Financial Statements (which amount may be negative).
“CERCLA” means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.
“Closing” is defined in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.
“Closing Cash” is defined in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.
“Closing Date” is defined in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.
“Closing Indebtedness” is defined in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.
“Closing Net Working Capital” means the Net Working Capital determined immediately prior to the Closing Time.
“Closing Net Working Capital Target” means $335,000.
“Closing Statement” is defined in Section 3.4(a) of this Agreement.
“Closing Time” means 1 1:59 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date.
“COBRA” means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder .
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder .
“Company” is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.
“Company Common Stock” means, collectively , the common stock of the Company , no par value.
“Confidentiality Agreement” is defined in Section 10.2 of this Agreement.
“Current Assets” means (a) all current assets of the Company and Elmwood, other than (i) Cash, (ii) accrued Income Tax receivables and
deferred tax assets, (iii) intercompany
 
3
--- Page 4 ---
receivables between the Company and Elmwood, and (iv) freight payment receivables to the extent of fset by a corresponding freight payment payable,
all determined in accordance with GAAP , except as set forth on Schedule 3.4, applied consistently with the principles applied in the preparation of the
Most Recent Balance Sheet.
“Current Liabilities” means all current liabilities of the Company and Elmwood, other than (i) accrued Income Tax payable and deferred tax
liabilities, (ii) accrued interest expense, (iii) the current portion of Indebtedness, (iv) intercompany payables between the Company and Elmwood, and
(v) freight payables to the extent of fset by freight payment receivables and amounts reserved in a freight payment cash account, all determined in
accordance with GAAP , except as set forth on Schedule 3.4, applied consistently with the principles applied in the preparation of the Most Recent
Balance Sheet.
“Damages” means all damages, dues, penalties, fines, reasonable amounts paid in settlement, taxes, costs, obligations, losses, expenses, and fees
(including court costs and reasonable attorneys’  fees and expenses), including, as the context may require, any of the foregoing that arise out of or in
connection with any actions, suits, proceedings, hearings, investigations, char ges, complaints, claims, demands, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees
or rulings.
“Elmwood” is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.
“Elmwood Common Stock” means, collectively , the common stock of Elmwood, no par value.
“Employee Pension Benefit Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(2) of ERISA.
“Employee Welfare Benefit Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(1) of ERISA.
“Environmental, Health and Safety Laws” means all existing and applicable Laws of federal, state and local Authorities concerning pollution or
protection of the environment, public health and safety or employee health and safety , including Laws relating to emissions, dischar ges, releases or
threatened releases of Materials of Environmental Concern into ambient air , surface water , ground water or lands or otherwise relating to the
manufacture, processing. distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Materials of Environmental Concern, as such
requirements are enacted and in ef fect on the Closing Date.
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder .
“ERISA  Plan” is defined in Section 5.18(a) of this Agreement.
“Estimated Purchase Price Calculation Statement” is defined in Section 2.3 of this Agreement.
“Financial Statements” is defined in Section 5.9 of this Agreement.
“Forward-Looking Statements” is defined in Section 8.5 of this Agreement.
 
4
--- Page 5 ---
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles as in ef fect in the United States of America from time to time.
“Income Tax” means any federal, state, local or foreign Tax based on, measured by or with respect to income, net worth or capital, including any
interest, penalty or addition thereto.
“Indebtedness” as applied to any Person means (without duplication) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money , whether current or
funded, or secured or unsecured, including (a) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or debt
securities, (b) all indebtedness of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property
acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to
repossession or sale of such property), (c) all indebtedness of such Person secured by a purchase money security interest or other Lien to secure all or
part of the purchase price of the property subject to such Lien, (d) all obligations under leases that shall have been or must be, in accordance with
GAAP , recorded as capital leases in respect of which such Person is liable as lessee, (e) any liability of such Person in respect of banker ’s acceptances
or letters of credit, (f) all interest, fees, prepayment premiums and other expenses owed with respect to the indebtedness referred to above and (g) all
indebtedness referred to above that is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or that such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to
purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which it has otherwise assured a creditor against loss.
“Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement.
“Indemnifying Party” is defined in Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement.
“Initial Purchase Price” is defined in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.
“Insurance Policies” is defined in Section 5.13 of this Agreement.
“Interim Financial Statements” is defined in Section 5.9 of this Agreement.
“IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service.
“Knowledge” of the Seller , the Company and Elmwood means the actual knowledge of Peter Jones, Michael Desmarais, Paul Forand, Timothy
Walsh, Paul Fiocci, Anthony Charland and Terry Rice, and the knowledge such individuals reasonably should have obtained in the course of the
performance of their respective duties for the Seller , the Company and Elmwood.
“Law” means any law , statute, rule or regulation, and any judgment or order of any Authority .
“Leased Property” is defined in Section 5.1 1 of this Agreement.
“Lien” means any mortgage, lien, pledge, char ge, encumbrance or other security interest.
“Listed Intellectual Property” is defined in Section 5.12 of this Agreement.
 
5
--- Page 6 ---
“Material Adverse Change” or “Material Adverse Ef fect” means any change or ef fect that is materially adverse to the business, results of
operations or financial condition of the Company and Elmwood, taken as a whole, or on the ability of the Company , Elmwood, or the Seller to
consummate timely the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however , that none of the following shall be deemed to constitute a Material
Adverse Ef fect or Material Adverse Change: (a) any adverse change, event, development, or ef fect that impacts generally the industry in which the
Company and/or Elmwood operates or that arises from or relates to (i) general business or economic conditions, (ii) national or international political
or social conditions, including the engagement by the United States in hostilities, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emer gency or
war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack upon the United States, or any of its territories, possessions, or diplomatic or consular of fices
or upon any military installation, equipment or personnel of the United States, (iii) financial, banking, or securities markets (including any disruption
thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index), (iv) changes in GAAP , (v) changes in Laws, or (vi) any adverse change in or
effect on the business of the Company and Elmwood that is timely cured by the Company , Elmwood, or the Seller .
“Material Contract” means any written contract or agreement (including any and all amendments thereto) to which the Company or Elmwood is
a party and which (a) relates to Indebtedness or is a letter of credit, pledge, bond or similar arrangement that is for the account of or for the benefit of
the Company or Elmwood, (b) relates to the purchase, maintenance or acquisition, or sale or furnishing of materials, supplies, merchandise, machinery ,
equipment, parts or any other property or services (excluding any such contract made in the Ordinary Course of Business and which is expected to be
fully performed within one year of the date thereof or that involves revenues or expenditures of less than $25,000), (c) obligates the Company or
Elmwood not to compete with any business, or to conduct any business with only certain parties, or that otherwise restrains or prevents the Company or
Elmwood from carrying on any lawful business or that restricts the right of the Company or Elmwood to use or disclose any information in its
possession (excluding in each case customary restrictive covenants contained in agreements entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business and
confidentiality agreements entered into between the Company and prospective purchasers of the Company), (d) employment, compensation, severance,
or consulting agreements between the Company or Elmwood and any of its of ficers or directors, or other employees or consultants of the Company or
Elmwood who are entitled to compensation thereunder in excess of $100,000 per year or involve severance payments, (e) is a lease or sublease of real
property , (t) is a lease, sublease or other title retention agreement or conditional sales agreement involving annual payments in excess of $25,000 for
any machinery , equipment, vehicle or other tangible personal property (whether the Company or Elmwood is a lessor or lessee), (g) is a contract for
capital expenditures or the acquisition or construction of fixed assets for or in respect of any real property involving payments in excess of $25,000,
(h) is a contract granting any Person a Lien on any of the assets of the Company or Elmwood, in whole or in part (other than Permitted Liens), (i) is a
contract by which the Company or Elmwood retains any manufacturer ’s representative, broker or other sales agent, distributor or representative, or
advertising or marketing entity or through which the Company or Elmwood is appointed or authorized as sales agent, distributor or representative, (j) is
a contract under which the Company or Elmwood has granted or received a license or sublicense or under which the Company or Elmwood is obligated
to pay or has the right to receive a royalty , license fee or similar payment (excluding of f-the-shelf or “shrink wrap” software license agreements),
 
6
--- Page 7 ---
(k) is a joint venture or partnership contract or a limited liability company operating agreement, (1) is an agreement or arrangement with the Seller or
any Affiliate of the Seller , or (m) is a non-compete agreement prohibiting or impairing the Company’ s or Elmwood’ s ability to conduct its respective
business.
“Materials of Environmental Concern” means any hazardous waste, as defined by 42 U.S.C. Section 6903(5), any hazardous substance as defined
by 42 U.S.C. Section 9601(14), any pollutant or contaminant as defined by 42 U.S.C. Section 9601(33) and any toxic substance, oil or hazardous
material or other chemical or substance regulated by any Environmental, Health and Safety Laws.
“Most Recent Balance Sheet” is defined in Section 5.9 of this Agreement.
“Multiemployer Plan” has the meaning set forth in ERISA  Section 3(37).
“Multiple Employer Plan” is defined in Section 5.18(b) of this Agreement.
“Net Working Capital” means Current Assets minus Current Liabilities.
“Net Working Capital Adjustment” means (a) if the amount of Closing Net Working Capital is less than the Closing Net Working Capital Target,
a dollar for dollar decrease to the Purchase Price by the amount of the deficiency in Closing Net Working Capital (for example, if the Closing Net
Working Capital is $300,000, the Purchase Price would be decreased by $35,000), and (b) if the amount of the Closing Net Working Capital is greater
than the Closing Net Working Capital Target, a dollar for dollar increase to the Purchase Price by the amount of the excess of Closing Net Working
Capital (for example, if the Closing Net Working Capital is $400,000, the Purchase Price would be increased by $65,000).
“Non-ERISA  Plan” is defined in Section 5.18(a) of this Agreement.
“Objections Statement” is defined in Section 3.4(b) of this Agreement.
“Ordinary Course of Business” means the ordinary course of business consistent with the past custom and practice of the Company and/or
Elmwood in the operation of its business.
“Organizational Documents” means (a) the articles or certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of a corporation, (b) the certificate of formation
or articles of or ganization and the operating agreement of a limited liability company , (c) the partnership agreement and any statement of partnership of
a general partnership, (d) the limited partnership agreement and the certificate of limited partnership of a limited partnership, (e) any charter or similar
document adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation, or or ganization of a Person and (f) any amendment to or restatement of any of the
foregoing.
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.
 
7
--- Page 8 ---
“Permits” means all material licenses, permits, orders, approvals, registrations, authorizations, and qualification filings with all Authorities
required under Laws in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and Elmwood.
“Permitted Liens” means (i) Liens set forth on Schedules 5.10 or 5.1 1 or noted in the Financial Statements, (ii) Liens for Taxes, assessments and
other governmental char ges that are not yet due and payable or that may thereafter be paid without penalty , (iii) Liens arising under original purchase
price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases with third parties, (iv) easements, covenants, conditions and restrictions of record, (v) easements,
covenants, conditions and restrictions not of record as to which no material violation or encroachment exists or , if such violation or encroachment
exists, as to which the cure of such violation or encroachment would not materially interfere with the conduct of the business of the Company or
Elmwood, (vi) any zoning or other governmentally established restrictions or encumbrances, (vii) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under
workers or unemployment compensation Laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations, (viii) mechanic’ s, materialman’ s,
supplier ’s, vendor ’s or similar Liens arising or incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business securing amounts that are not overdue for a period of more
than 60 days, (ix) railroad trackage agreements, utility , slope and drainage easements, right-of-way easements and leases regarding signs and (x) other
imperfections of title, licenses or encumbrances, if any , that do not materially impair the continued use and operation of the assets to which they relate
in the conduct of the business of the Company and Elmwood as presently conducted.
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company , unincorporated or ganization, partnership, association, joint-stock
company , joint venture, trust or government, or any agency or political subdivision of any government.
“Pre-Closing Tax Period” means (i) any Taxable Period ending on or before the Closing Date and (ii) with respect to the period to and including
the Closing Date for a Taxable Period beginning before and ending after the Closing Date.
“Photocircuits Bankruptcy Complaint” means that certain Complaint filed by Richard L. Stern, Esq., as Liquidating Trustee of PC Liquidation
Corp., f/k/a Photocircuits Corporation, as plaintif f against the Company , as defendant in the United States Bankruptcy Court Eastern District of New
York at Central ISLIP . Case No. 05-89022-288, Chapter 1 1, Adversary Proceeding No. 07-08083-SB.
“Purchaser” is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.
“Purchaser Group” is defined in Section 9.4(e) of this Agreement.
“Purchaser Indemnitee(s)” means the Purchaser and, following the Closing, the Company , Elmwood, and their respective directors, of ficers,
partners, employees, Affiliates, controlling persons, agents and representatives, and successors and assigns, as the case may be.
“Purchaser ’s Proposed Calculations” is defined in Section 3.4(a) of this Agreement.
“Realty Lease” is defined in Section 5.1 1(a) of this Agreement.
 
8
--- Page 9 ---
“Required Consents” means those third party consents and other items listed on Schedule 7.1(f) that are necessary in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller , the Company and Elmwood.
“Return” means any return, declaration (including any declaration of estimated Taxes), report, claim for refund, or information return or
statement relating to Taxes with respect to any income, assets or properties of the Company or Elmwood, including any schedule or attachment thereto.
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“Securities Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
“Seller” is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.
“Seller Indemnitee(s)” means the Seller and its directors, shareholders, of ficers, employees, partners, Affiliates (other than the Company and
Elmwood after Closing), controlling persons, agents, representatives, and successors and assigns, as the case may be.
“Shares” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, each other Person (other than a natural person) of which the Person owns, beneficially and of
record, securities or interests representing 50% or more of the aggregate ordinary voting power (without regard to the occurrence of any contingencies
affecting voting power).
“Supplier Agreement” is defined in Section 8.9 of this Agreement.
“Survival Date” means the date on which the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties set forth in this Agreement
expire as specified in Section 9.1 of this Agreement.
“Tax Authority” means any federal, state, local, or foreign tax service, agency , office, commission, department, bureau or similar or ganization,
including any court, tribunal, or similar judicial agency , with regulatory authority to assess, assert or otherwise impose Tax adjustments or collect
unpaid Taxes of any Person.
“Taxable Period” means any taxable year or any other period that is treated as a taxable year (or other period, or portion thereof, in the case of a
tax imposed with respect to such other period, e.g., a quarter) with respect to which any Tax may be imposed under any applicable Law .
“Taxes” means all federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including income or profits taxes, premium taxes, excise taxes, sales taxes, use taxes,
gross receipts taxes, franchise taxes, ad valorem taxes, severance taxes, capital levy taxes, transfer taxes, value added taxes, employment and payroll-
related taxes, property taxes, business license taxes, occupation taxes, import duties and other governmental char ges and assessments), of any kind
whatsoever , including interest, additions to tax and penalties with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall include all Income
Taxes and all Taxes other than Income Taxes.
 
9
--- Page 10 ---
‘Third Party Claim” is defined in Section 9.3(a) of this Agreement.
1.2 Interpretation. As used in this Agreement, the word “including” means without limitation, the word “or” is not exclusive and the words
“herein,” “hereof,” “hereby ,” “hereto” and “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole, Each defined term used in this Agreement shall have a
comparable meaning when used in its plural or singular form. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (a) to Articles, Sections,
Exhibits and Schedules mean the Articles and Sections of and the Exhibits and Schedules attached to this Agreement, (b) to an agreement, instrument
or document means such agreement, instrument or document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the
provisions thereof and not prohibited by this Agreement and (c) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any
successor legislation thereto. The headings and captions used in this Agreement, in any Schedule or Exhibit, in the table of contents or in any index
hereto are for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit, characterize or in any way
affect any provision of this Agreement or any Schedule or Exhibit, and all provisions of this Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits shall be
enforced and construed as if no caption or heading had been used herein or therein. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule or Exhibit and not
otherwise defined therein shall have the meanings set forth in this Agreement (or , in the absence of any ascribed meaning, the meaning customarily
ascribed to any such term in the Company’ s industry or in general commercial usage). The Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed
with and as an integral part of this Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein. The parties have participated jointly in the
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as
if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of
the provisions of this Agreement. All references to dollars (or the symbol “$”) contained herein shall be deemed to refer to United States dollars.
ARTICLE II
PURCHASE PRICE; PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES; ESCROW
2.1 Aggregate Purchase Price. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Aggregate Purchase Price” means an amount equal to the sum of
(a) $17,550,000 (the “Initial Purchase Price”), plus (b) the aggregate Cash balances of the Company and Elmwood immediately prior to the Closing
Time (the “Closing Cash”), plus (c) $1,950,000 (the “Escrow Amount”) to be paid to Wells Far go Bank, N.A. to be held in escrow pursuant to the
terms of the Escrow Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the ‘Escrow Agreement”), minus (d) the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the
Company and Elmwood that is funded and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Time (the “Closing Indebtedness”), plus or minus (e) the
amount of the Net Working Capital Adjustment.
2.2 Purchase and Sale of Shares. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Seller agrees to sell to
the Purchaser , free and clear of Liens, claims, demands and restrictions on transfer (other than any restrictions under the
 
10
--- Page 11 ---
Securities Act and applicable state securities Laws), and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Seller , all of the Shares for the Aggregate Purchase
Price.
2.3 Estimated Purchase Price Calculation Statement. At the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a written statement (the
“Estimated Purchase Price Calculation Statement”) setting forth (A) the Company’ s good faith estimate of the amount of the Closing Cash, (B) the
Company’ s good faith estimate of the amount of the Closing Indebtedness, (C) the Company’ s good faith estimate of the Closing Net Working Capital
and the Net Working Capital Adjustment calculated by reference thereto and (D) the calculation of the Aggregate Purchase Price based upon the Initial
Purchase Price and such estimates.
ARTICLE III
CLOSING; POST -CLOSING PURCHASE PRICE TRUE-UP
3.1 Closing. Subject to the fulfillment or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Article VII, the closing of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place at the of fices of BB&T  Capital Markets in Boston, Massachusetts, at 9:00 a.m. (local time) on the
date hereof (the “Closing Date”). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all proceedings to be taken and all documents to be executed at the
Closing shall be deemed to have been taken, delivered and executed simultaneously , and no proceeding shall be deemed taken nor documents deemed
executed or delivered until all have been taken, delivered and executed.
3.2 Payment of Closing Indebtedness. At the Closing, the Purchaser shall pay and dischar ge (or cause to be paid and dischar ged), on behalf of the
Company and Elmwood, all Closing Indebtedness evidenced on the Estimated Purchase Price Calculation Statement, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds pursuant to written instructions provided to the Purchaser by the Seller concurrently with the delivery of the Estimated Purchase Price
Calculation Statement.
3.3 Closing Transactions.
(a) Delivery of Stock Certificates. At the Closing, the Seller shall cause to be delivered to the Purchaser , free and clear of any Lien and restriction
on transfer (other than any restrictions under the Securities Act and applicable state securities Laws), all certificates representing the Shares, each duly
endorsed in blank or with duly executed stock powers attached.
(b) Payment. At the Closing, the Purchaser shall pay or cause to be paid to the Seller an amount equal to the estimated amount of the Aggregate
Purchase Price as set forth on the Estimated Purchase Price Calculation Statement by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to
instructions delivered to the Purchaser by the Seller at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date.
(c) Other Closing Deliveries. The Seller will deliver to the Purchaser the other certificates and documents referred to in Section 7.1, and the
Purchaser will deliver to the Seller the other certificates and documents referred to in Section 7.2.
 
11
--- Page 12 ---
3.4 Post-Closing Purchase Price True-Up.
(a) As promptly as possible, but in any event within 60 days after the Closing Date, Purchaser will deliver to Seller , a written statement (the
“Closing Statement”) setting forth the Purchaser ’s calculations (the “Purchaser ’s Proposed Calculations”) of (i) the amount of the Closing Cash, (ii) the
amount of the Closing Indebtedness and (iii) the amount of the Closing Net Working Capital and the Net Working Capital Adjustment calculated by
reference thereto, which calculations shall be made in accordance with GAAP , except as set forth on Schedule 3.4, applied on a basis consistent with
the Most Recent Balance Sheet. The Closing Statement shall contain a recalculation, if any , of the Aggregate Purchase Price based on the foregoing
amounts.
(b) After delivery of the Closing Statement, the Seller and its accountants shall be permitted reasonable access to review the Company’ s and
Elmwood’ s books and records and work papers related to the preparation of the Closing Statement. The Seller and its accountants may make inquiries
of Purchaser , the Company , Elmwood and their respective accountants and employees regarding questions concerning or disagreements with the
Closing Statement arising in the course of their review thereof, and Purchaser shall use its, and shall cause the Company and Elmwood to use their ,
reasonable best ef forts to cause any such accountants and employees to cooperate with and respond to such inquiries. If the Seller has any objections to
the Closing Statement, the Seller shall deliver to Purchaser a statement setting forth a description in reasonable detail of its objections thereto (an
“Objections Statement”). If an Objections Statement is not delivered to Purchaser within 60 days after the delivery of the Closing Statement, the
Closing Statement shall be final, binding and non-appealable by the parties hereto. The Seller and Purchaser shall negotiate in good faith to resolve any
objections set forth in the Objections Statement (and all such discussions related thereto shall, unless otherwise agreed by Purchaser and the Seller , be
governed by Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence (and any applicable similar state rule)), but if they do not reach a final resolution within 15
days after the delivery of the Objections Statement, the Seller and Purchaser shall submit such dispute to Ernst & Young LLP  (or if Ernst & Young LLP
refuses to accept the engagement, then such other party as Purchaser and the Seller shall use reasonable ef forts to mutually agree upon) (the “Auditor”)
who shall resolve all such disagreements in accordance with this Agreement and to the extent not inconsistent with this Agreement in accordance with
GAAP , except as set forth on Schedule 3.4. applied on a basis consistent with the Company’ s accounting practices and procedures, subject to any
adjustments or deviations set forth on the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto. Purchaser and Seller shall immediately enter into a customary
engagement letter with the Auditor at the time the issues in dispute are submitted to the Auditor . The Seller and Purchaser shall use their commercially
reasonable ef forts to cause the Auditor to resolve all such disagreements as soon as practicable. The Auditor shall address only those issues in dispute,
and may not assign a value to any item greater than the greatest value for such item claimed by a party or lower than the lowest value claimed by a
party . Neither the Seller nor Purchaser shall have any ex parte conversations or meetings with the Auditor with respect to any issues for which the
Auditor is engaged pursuant to this Agreement, without the prior consent of the other parties. The resolution of the dispute by the Auditor shall be final,
binding and non-appealable on the parties hereto (the “Auditor Determination”). The fees and expenses of the Auditor shall be allocated to be paid by
Purchaser , on the one hand, and/or the Seller , on the other hand, based upon the percentage which the portion of the contested amount not awarded to
each party bears to the amount actually contested by such party , as determined by the Auditor .
 
12
--- Page 13 ---
(c) Upon the determination, in accordance with Section 3.4(b), of the Closing Statement and the final calculations of the amounts of the Closing
Cash, the Closing Indebtedness, the Closing Net Working Capital and the Net Working Capital Adjustment calculated by reference thereto, the
Aggregate Purchase Price shall be recalculated using such finally determined amounts in lieu of the estimates of such amounts used in the calculation
of the estimated Aggregate Purchase Price payable at Closing as follows:
(i) If the Aggregate Purchase Price as calculated pursuant to this Section 3.4(c) is greater than such estimated Aggregate Purchase Price, then the
Purchaser shall pay to, or cause to be paid to, the Seller an amount equal to any such excess; and
(ii) If the Aggregate Purchase Price as calculated pursuant to this Section 3.4(c) is less than such estimated Aggregate Purchase Price then the
Seller shall pay to or as directed by the Purchaser an amount equal to any such deficiency .
Any payments made by the Purchaser to the Seller or by the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to this Section 3.4(c) shall be made by wire transfer
of immediately available funds no later than three Business Days after the final determination referred to in the first sentence of this Section 3.4(c) and
shall be deemed to be adjustments to the Aggregate Purchase Price for all Tax purposes.
ARTICLE IV
REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER
To induce the Company , Seller and Elmwood to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby , the
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company , Elmwood and the Seller as follows:
4.1 Or ganization and Standing. The Purchaser is a corporation duly or ganized. validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of Delaware.
Copies of the Or ganizational Documents of the Purchaser and all amendments thereto as in ef fect on the date hereof have been delivered to the Seller
and are complete and correct as of the date of this Agreement. The Purchaser is not in default under or in violation of its Or ganizational Documents.
4.2 Authority , Authorization: Enforceability . The Purchaser has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder , and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser . This Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy , insolvency , moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar
Laws af fecting creditors’  rights generally and by general principles of equity .
4.3 Noncontravention. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement nor the consummation by the
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby , nor compliance by the Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof will (a)
 
13
--- Page 14 ---
violate, or result in the violation of, the Or ganizational Documents or any resolutions adopted by the stockholders, board of directors or other
governing body of the Purchaser , (b) violate any Law , writ, injunction or decree of any Authority , in each case applicable to the Purchaser or its assets
or properties or (c) with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any
consent under , or result in the creation of any Lien upon any property or assets of the Purchaser pursuant to, any material instrument or agreement to
which the Purchaser is a party or by which the Purchaser or its properties may be bound or af fected, except (in the case of clauses (b) and (c)) where
the violation, conflict, breach or default would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse ef fect on the ability of the Purchaser to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
4.4 Governmental Approvals. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.4, no filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of any
Authority is necessary for the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby .
4.5 Brokers. The Purchaser has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.
4.6 Securities Act. The Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder solely for the purpose of investment and not with a view to, or in connection
with, any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any state securities laws. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Shares are not
registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities Law , and that the Shares may not be sold except pursuant to the registration
provisions of the Securities Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom and pursuant to state securities Laws and regulations as applicable.
4.7 Availability of Funds. The Purchaser has suf ficient cash available to enable it to pay the full Aggregate Purchase Price payable at the Closing
hereunder and to make all other payments required of the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby .
ARTICLE V
REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMP ANY  AND ELMWOOD
To induce the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby , the Company and Elmwood
hereby represent and warrant to the Purchaser as follows:
5.1 Or ganization and Standing. Each of the Company and Elmwood is a corporation duly or ganized and validly existing under the Laws of
Massachusetts.
5.2 Authority to Conduct Business. Each of the Company and Elmwood has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to conduct its business in the manner where now conducted and each of the Company and Elmwood is duly licensed or qualified to
do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its properties and assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
licensed or qualified, except where the failure to be duly licensed or qualified to do business would not
 
14
--- Page 15 ---
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect. Schedule 5.2 sets forth a list of each jurisdiction in which the Company and Elmwood are
licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation.
5.3 Or ganizational Documents. Copies of the Or ganizational Documents of the Company and Elmwood and all amendments thereto as in ef fect
on the date hereof have been delivered to the Purchaser and are complete and correct as of the date hereof. Neither the Company nor Elmwood is in
default under or in violation of its Or ganizational Documents.
5.4 Authority; Authorization; Enforceability . Each of the Company and Elmwood has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder , and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company and Elmwood of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and Elmwood. This Agreement is a valid and binding
obligation of the Company and Elmwood, enforceable against each of them in accordance with the terms hereof, except as enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy , insolvency , moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar Laws af fecting creditors’  rights generally and by general
principles of equity .
5.5 Noncontravention. Except (a) for notices, consents or approvals required under agreements or commitments evidencing, or entered into by
the Company or Elmwood in connection with Indebtedness of the Company or Elmwood to be paid and dischar ged at Closing pursuant to Section 3.2
and (b) as set forth on Schedule 5.5, none of the execution, delivery or performance by the Company and Elmwood of this Agreement, nor the
consummation by the Company and Elmwood of the transactions contemplated hereby , nor compliance by the Company and Elmwood with any of the
provisions hereof will (i) violate, or result in the violation of, their Or ganizational Documents or any resolutions adopted by the stockholders, board of
directors or other governing body of the Company or Elmwood, (ii) violate any Law , writ, injunction or decree of any Authority , in each case
applicable to the Company , Elmwood, or their respective assets or properties or (iii) with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice or both,
result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any consent under , or result in the creation of any Lien upon any property or assets of the
Company or Elmwood pursuant to, any instrument or agreement to which the Company or Elmwood is a party or by which the Company , Elmwood, or
their respective properties may be bound or af fected.
5.6 Governmental Approvals. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.6, no filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of any
Authority is necessary for the consummation by the Company and Elmwood of the transactions contemplated hereby .
5.7 Investments in Other Persons. Neither the Company nor Elmwood has any Subsidiaries and neither such party has any direct or indirect
equity interest by stock ownership or otherwise in any other Person.
5.8 Capitalization of Company .
 
15
--- Page 16 ---
(a) The Company’ s authorized capital stock consists of 15,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 100 shares are issued and outstanding. All of
the issued and outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock (x) are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (y) are held
beneficially or of record by the Seller and (z) were not (or will not be) issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person or any agreement or
Law by which the Company at the time of issuance was bound.
(b) Elmwood’ s authorized capital stock consists of 200,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 100 shares are issued and outstanding. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of Elmwood (x) are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (y) are held beneficially or of record by
Seller and (z) were not issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person or any agreement or Law by which Elmwood at the time of issuance
was bound.
(c) There are no outstanding subscriptions, warrants, options or other agreements or rights of any kind to purchase or otherwise receive or be
issued, or securities or obligations of any kind convertible into, any shares of capital stock or any other security of the Company or Elmwood. There is
no outstanding contract or other agreement of the Seller , the Company or Elmwood or any other Person to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company or Elmwood, or securities or obligations of any kind convertible into any shares of the capital
stock of the Company or Elmwood. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, stock plans or similar rights with respect
to the Company or Elmwood.
5.9 Financial Statements. The Company and Elmwood have delivered the following financial statements (the “Financial Statements”) to the
Purchaser , which are attached to Schedule 5.9: (i) the unaudited combined balance sheets of the Company and Elmwood as of December 31, 2005 and
December 31, 2004, and the related unaudited combined statements of operations of the Company and Elmwood for each of the years then ended, and
(ii) the unaudited combined balance sheet of the Company and Elmwood as of December 31, 2006 (the “Most Recent Balance Sheet”), and the related
unaudited combined statement of operations of the Company and Elmwood for the twelve months then ended (the “Interim Financial Statements”).
Solely as to the balance sheets and statements of operations of the Company and Elmwood set forth in the Financial Statements and the Interim
financial Statements, except as disclosed on Schedule 5.9, each of the Financial Statements has been prepared in accordance with GAAP  applied on a
basis consistent with prior periods (except as may be indicated in any notes thereto); each of such balance sheets fairly presents in all material respects
the financial condition of the Company and Elmwood as of its respective date; and each of such statements of operations, insofar as they relate to the
Company and Elmwood, fairly presents in all material respects the results of operations of the Company and Elmwood for the period covered thereby;
provided, however , that the Interim Financial Statements are subject to normal year -end adjustments and lack footnotes and other presentation items.
5.10 Tangible Personal Property . Except as set forth on Schedule 5.10, the Company and Elmwood each has (i) good title to all of the material
tangible personal property and assets that are used in the operation of its business that it owns or purports to own, and (ii) valid leasehold interests in all
leases of material tangible personal property that it leases or purports to lease, in each case free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens. The
Company and
 
16
--- Page 17 ---
Elmwood enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under all of such leases of personal property under which they are operating. Except as set forth
on Schedule 5.10, there are no existing defaults, or events that with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute defaults by the
Company or Elmwood thereunder or , to the Knowledge of the Company and Elmwood, by any other party to any such lease, except for (i) such
defaults and events as to which requisite waivers or consents have been obtained, and (ii) defaults that, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect.
5.11 Real Property . All real property and interests in real property that are leased or subleased to the Company or Elmwood are referred to herein
as “Leased Property”. Neither the Company nor Elmwood owns any real property . Schedule 5.1 1 sets forth a list of all Leased Property , with the nature
of the interest of the Company or Elmwood indicated therein. Except as otherwise set forth on Schedule 5.1 1 or any other Schedule in this Agreement,
with respect to the Leased Property:
(a) each lease or sublease of Leased Property and any assignment thereof pursuant to which the Company or Elmwood leases any Leased
Property (each, a “Realty Lease”) is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company or Elmwood, enforceable against the Company or Elmwood,
as applicable, (except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy , insolvency , moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other similar Laws af fecting
creditors’  rights generally and by general principles of equity); and
(b) to the Knowledge of the Company and Elmwood, neither the Company , Elmwood, nor any other party to any such Realty Lease, is in
material breach or material default under such Realty Lease, except for (A) such defaults and events as to which requisite waivers or consents have
been obtained, and (B) breaches or defaults that, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect.
5.12 Intellectual Property . Schedule 5.12 contains a complete and correct list of (i) all patents, trademarks, trade names and registered copyrights
owned by the Company and Elmwood that are material to their respective businesses, and (ii) all patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and
computer software (other than non-negotiated licenses of commercially available software and licenses with respect to software embedded in purchased
equipment) used by the Company or Elmwood in their respective businesses that are material to such business and are used pursuant to a license o