--- Page 1 ---
EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1
EXECUTION COPY
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
by and among
WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORA TION,
STANDARD CAR TRUCK COMP ANY
and
ROBCLIF , INC.
Dated September 12, 2008
--- Page 2 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
(continued)
 
         Page
ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS    1
ARTICLE II   TRANSACTIONS; PURCHASE PRICE   10
2.1   Sale of Shares and Durox Shares   10
2.2   Purchase Price   10
2.3   Payment of Closing Payment and Escrow Amount   11
2.4   Tax Treatment of Sale of Shares and Durox Shares   11
2.5   Allocation of Purchase Price   11
ARTICLE III   ADJUSTMENTS TO PURCHASE PRICE   11
3.1   Pre-Closing Calculation   11
3.2   Post-Closing Calculation   11
3.3   Dispute Notice   12
3.4   Adjustments   12
3.5   Payment   13
ARTICLE IV   REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMP ANY   13
4.1   Corporate Existence   13
4.2   Corporate Authority   13
4.3   Absence of Conflicts   14
4.4   Capitalization   14
4.5   Subsidiaries   14
4.6   Governmental Approvals; Consents   14
4.7   Financial Statements   15
4.8   Absence of Changes   15
4.9   Real Property   16
4.10   Contracts   16
4.11   Litigation; Orders   17
4.12   Intellectual Property Rights   18
4.13   Tax Matters   18
4.14   Labor Matters   19
4.15   Employee Benefit Plans; Employees   20
4.16   Permits; Compliance with Laws   21
4.17   Assets, Inventories and Receivables   22
4.18   Environmental Matters   22
 
- i -
--- Page 3 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
(continued)
 
         Page
4.19   Insurance   23
4.20   Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities   23
4.21   Related Party Transactions   23
4.22   Product Warranties   24
4.23   Product Liability   24
4.24   Finders; Brokers   24
ARTICLE V   REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER   25
5.1   Corporate Existence   25
5.2   Corporate Authority and Ownership   25
5.3   Absence of Conflicts   25
5.4   Governmental Approvals; Consents   25
ARTICLE VI   REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYING P ARTIES   26
6.1   Corporate Existence   26
6.2   Corporate Authority   26
6.3   Absence of Conflicts   26
6.4   Governmental Approvals; Consents   26
6.5   Finders; Brokers   27
6.6   Purchase for Investment   27
6.7   Financing   27
6.8   Litigation   27
6.9   Independent Investigation   27
ARTICLE VII   AGREEMENTS OF ALL  PARTIES   28
7.1   Operation of the Business   28
7.2   Mutual Cooperation; No Inconsistent Action   29
7.3   Public Disclosures   31
7.4   Access to Records and Personnel   31
7.5   Employee Relations and Benefits   33
7.6   Update to Disclosure   34
7.7   Director and Of ficer Indemnification.   35
7.8   Tax Matters   36
7.9   No Negotiation   38
 
- ii -
--- Page 4 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
(continued)
 
         Page
7.10   Divestiture   38
ARTICLE VIII   CONDITIONS   39
8.1   Conditions to the Obligations of the Buying Parties   39
8.2   Conditions to the Obligations of Seller   39
8.3   Conditions to Obligations of Buying Parties and Seller   40
8.4   Frustration of Closing Conditions   40
ARTICLE IX   CLOSING   40
9.1   Closing Date   40
9.2   The Buying Parties’  Deliveries to Seller   41
9.3   The Buying Parties’  Delivery to Escrow Agent   41
9.4   Seller ’s Deliveries   41
ARTICLE X   INDEMNIFICA TION   42
10.1   Agreement to Indemnify   42
10.2   Survival of Representations and Warranties   44
10.3   Notice of Claims for Indemnification   45
10.4   Defense of Claims   45
10.5   Settlement or Compromise   46
10.6   Subrogation and Mitigation   46
10.7   Environmental Actions   46
10.8   Indemnification Calculations   48
10.9   Tax Treatment   48
10.10   Escrow Amount   48
10.11   Asbestos Losses, Designated Losses and Designated Environmental Losses   50
10.12   Exclusive Remedy   51
ARTICLE XI   TERMINA TION   51
11.1   Termination Events   51
11.2   Effect of Termination   52
ARTICLE XII   GUARANTEE   52
12.1   Buyer Guarantee   52
12.2   Joint and Several Obligations   53
ARTICLE XIII   MISCELLANEOUS AGREEMENTS OF THE P ARTIES   53
 
- iii -
--- Page 5 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
(continued)
 
         Page
13.1   Notices   53
13.2   Transfer Taxes   54
13.3   Expenses   54
13.4   Non-Assignability   54
13.5   Amendment; Waiver   54
13.6   Third Parties   55
13.7   Currency   55
13.8   Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers   55
13.9   Specific Performance   55
13.10   Entire Agreement   56
13.11   Interpretation and Rules of Construction   56
13.12   Severability   56
13.13   Disclosure Letter   57
13.14   Language   57
13.15   Counterparts   57
 
- iv -
--- Page 6 ---
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
This ST OCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT , dated this 12th day of September , 2008, is by and among Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ Buyer ”), Standard Car Truck Company , a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and Robclif, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (“ Seller ”). Buyer , the Company and Seller may be referred to in this Agreement individually as a “ Party ” or collectively as
“Parties .” Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in Article I  unless otherwise defined herein.
WHEREAS, the Company owns 100% of the Durox Shares and the Company desires to sell to RFPC Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation and
Subsidiary of Buyer (“ RFPC ”), and RFPC desires to purchase from the Company , all, but not less than all, of the Durox Shares upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. As a result of the transactions contemplated hereby , RFPC will acquire all of the Durox Shares,
and Seller , as the parent of the Company , will receive the consideration described in Article II  of this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, Seller owns 100% of the Shares and Seller desires to sell to Buyer , and Buyer desires to purchase from Seller , all, but not less than
all, of the Shares upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. As a result of the transactions contemplated hereby , Buyer
will acquire all of the Shares, and Seller will receive the consideration described in Article II  of this Agreement.
NOW , THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, promises and covenants set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby , the
Parties agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
Defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below:
“Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that controls, is controlled by , or is under common control with such Person. The
term “control” means the possession, directly or indirectly , of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, by
ownership of securities, contract, credit arrangement or otherwise.
“Agreement ” means this Stock Purchase Agreement, including all Exhibits, Schedules, the Disclosure Letter and the Buyer Disclosure Letter , as
each may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms or this Agreement.
“Allocation ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4 .
“Anchor  Obligations ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10 .
“Ancillary Agreements ” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.13 .
“Antitrust Laws ” means the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act and all other applicable Laws
issued by any Governmental Authority that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or ef fect of
monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of competition through mer ger or acquisition.
 
- 1 -
--- Page 7 ---
“Asbestos Claims ” means (a) any claims against the Company or any SCT  Subsidiary arising out of or relating to the use, sale, distribution or
handling of asbestos or any asbestos containing product prior to the Closing Date by the Company , any SCT  Subsidiary , any of their Affiliates or any of
their predecessors or successors (including products liability claims or premises liability claims) and (b) any claims described on Exhibit I .
“Asbestos Loss ” means cash paid by the Company , any SCT  Subsidiary or Buying Parties to an unaf filiated third party of Buying Parties with
respect to an Asbestos Claim and the reasonable out-of-pocket costs, fees and expenses incurred in defending such Asbestos Claim.
“Asbestos Pr otocol ” means the Company’ s and the SCT  Subsidiaries’  historical practice, as of the Closing Date, of managing, communicating
and reporting the Asbestos Claims as set forth on Exhibit F .
“Benefit Plans ” means all material employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3.3  of ERISA), pension, retirement savings, stock purchase,
stock option, welfare, severance, employment, change-in-control, vacation, fringe benefit, collective bar gaining, bonus, incentive and deferred
compensation plans and agreements maintained on or before the Closing Date by the Company or any of the SCT  Subsidiaries or to which on or before
the Closing Date the Company or any of the SCT  Subsidiaries contributes or is a party or is bound or under which it may have liability .
“Books and Records ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(b) .
“Brake Shoe Business ” means the business conducted by Anchor Brake Shoe Company , including the sintered brake shoe business.
“Business ” means the business of designing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing and selling railway-related components, parts and products
to the railroad freight car and locomotive markets as conducted by the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries on the date hereof, other than the Brake
Shoe Business.
“Business Day ” means any day , excluding Saturday , Sunday and any other day on which commercial banks in Chicago, Illinois are authorized or
required by Law to close.
“Buyer ” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
“Buyer  Disclosur e Letter ” means the letter delivered by the Buying Parties to Seller in a letter executed by the Buying Parties dated the date
hereof.
“Buyer  Indemnitees ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(a) .
“Buyer  Material Adverse Effect ” means a material adverse ef fect on the ability of any of the Buying Parties to consummate the Transactions
and perform all of their obligations hereunder .
 
- 2 -
--- Page 8 ---
“Buying Parties ” means the Buyer , RFPC and the Designated Buyer , if any .
“Cash ” means all cash and cash equivalents of the Company and SCT  Subsidiaries.
“Clayton Act” means the Clayton Act of 1914, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder , and any successor to such
statute, rules or regulations.
“Closing ” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 .
“Closing Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 .
“Closing Payment ” means $300,000,000 less (i) the Preliminary Net Funded Debt, (ii) the Preliminary Customer Deposits and (iii) the Escrow
Amount.
“Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder , and any successor to such
statute, rules or regulations.
“Company ” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
“Company Intellectual Pr operty ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(a) .
“Company’ s Auditors ” means Grant Thornton LLP .
“Confidentiality Letter ” means the letter agreement dated April 4, 2008 between the Company and Buyer .
“Contract ” means any contract or other legally binding agreement, whether written or oral.
“Customer  Deposits ” means the cash deposit by Companhia Vale Do Rio Doce.
“Deemed Asset Sale ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4 .
“Designated Buyer ” shall be a 100% wholly-owned Subsidiary of Buyer designated by Buyer to purchase the Shares by Buyer providing prior
written notice to Seller at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.
“Designated Claims ” means the claims specifically described on Exhibit D  attached hereto.
“Disclosed Contracts ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.10(a) .
“Designated Envir onmental Conditions ” means the conditions specifically described on Exhibit E  attached hereto.
“Designated Envir onmental Conditions Pr otocol ” means the Company’ s and the SCT  Subsidiaries’  historical practice, as of the Closing Date,
of managing communicating and reporting the Designated Environmental Conditions as set forth on Exhibit G .
 
- 3 -
--- Page 9 ---
“Designated Envir onmental Losses ” means cash paid by the Buying Parties after the Closing Date as a result of any Third Party Claim with
respect to any Designated Environmental Conditions.
“Designated Losses ” means cash paid by the Company , any SCT  Subsidiary or Buying Parties to an unaf filiated third party of Buying Parties
with respect to a Designated Claim and the reasonable out-of-pocket costs, fees and expenses incurred in defending such Designated Claim.
“Disclosur e Letter ” means the letter delivered by Seller to the Buying Parties dated the date hereof.
“Dispute Notice ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 .
“Divestitur e” means the sale of Anchor Brake Shoe Company and the Brake Shoe Business.
“Divestitur e Adjustment ” means the adjustment to the Purchase Price, if any , as set forth on Exhibit C  attached hereto.
“Durox” means Durox Company , an Ohio corporation and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company .
“Durox Shar es” means all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Durox.
“Employees ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15(a)
“Envir onmental Law ” means all federal, state and local statutes and regulations having the force of law and as in force on the date of this
Agreement and concerning pollution or protection of the environment, including all those relating to the presence, use, production, generation,
handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, labeling, testing, processing, dischar ge, release, threatened release, control,
investigation, remediation, remedial action, or cleanup of any Hazardous Substances.
“Envir onmental Work” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.7(b) .
“ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder , and
any successor to such statute, rules or regulations.
“Escr ow Agent ” means Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company , a New York commercial bank with trust powers.
“Escr ow Agreement ” means the Escrow Agreement in the form attached hereto as Attachment I.
“Escr ow Amount ” means an amount equal to Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000).
 
- 4 -
--- Page 10 ---
“Escr ow Fund ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.10(a) .
“Exchange Rate ” means the applicable exchange rate for converting the relevant foreign currency into U.S. currency that was used to calculate
the Preliminary Working Capital.
“Executive Incentive Plan ” means the Standard Car Truck Company and Affiliates Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and
restated ef fective as of January 1, 2005.
“Federal Trade Commission Act” means the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder , and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations.
“Final Closing Balance Sheet ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 .
“Final Distribution Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.10(b)(iii) .
“Financial Statements ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(a) .
“First Distribution Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.10(b)(i) .
“Funded Debt ” means all interest rate swap agreements and debt for borrowed money of the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries owed to any
bank or other financial institution as of the Closing Date, excluding trade accounts payable of the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries.
“GAAP ” means United States generally accepted accounting principles.
“Governmental Authority ” means any foreign, federal, state, provincial or local governmental or regulatory commission, board, bureau, agency ,
court or regulatory or administrative body .
“Hazardous Substances ” means any chemical, material or substance whether solid, liquid or gaseous, designated as a hazardous waste,
hazardous substance, hazardous material, pollutant, contaminant or toxic substance by any applicable Environmental Law , including any petroleum,
petroleum products or other hydrocarbon products, by-products, derivatives, additives or fractions (including used or spent products), asbestos or
asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, or radioactive materials.
“HSR Act” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder , and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations.
“Indemnifying Party ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3 .
“Indemnitees ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(c) .
“Independent Auditor ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 .
 
- 5 -
--- Page 11 ---
“Intellectual Pr operty ” means any of the following intellectual property: (a) patents and patent applications, (b) trademarks, service marks,
trade names, trade dress and domain names, together with the goodwill associated exclusively therewith, (c) copyrights, including copyrights in
computer software, (d) confidential and proprietary information, including Trade Secrets and (e) registrations and applications for registration of the
foregoing.
“Interim Loss ” means cash paid at any time by or on behalf of any Buyer Indemnitee to an unaf filiated third party of any Buyer Indemnitee and
the reasonable out-of-pocket costs, fees and expenses incurred in defending any related Third Party Claim.
“Knowledge ”, when used to qualify any representation or warranty , means that such Party has no actual knowledge after reasonable inquiry that
such representation or warranty is not true and correct to the same extent as provided in the applicable representation or warranty . For the purpose of
this definition, the “actual knowledge” of the Company shall mean the actual present awareness, upon reasonable inquiry , of Rick Mathes, Dan
Schroeder , Mark Pace, David Watson and Mickey Korzeniowski and the “actual knowledge” of a Buying Party for purposes of Article VI and
Section 7.2(e)  shall mean the actual present awareness, upon reasonable inquiry , of Mark Cox, David M. Seitz and Pat Dugan.
“Law ” means any foreign, federal, state or local law , statute, ordinance, regulation, rule, constitution, code, order or treaty of any Governmental
Authority .
“Lease ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(b) .
“Leased Real Pr operty ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(b) .
“Liens ” mean all liens, char ges, security interests, pledges, mortgages or other material encumbrances (other than restrictions on transfer
generally arising under the Securities Act or other applicable securities Laws).
“Loss ” means any liability , expense (including reasonable attorney’ s fees), loss, damage, or obligation, including Asbestos Losses, Interim
Losses, Designated Environmental Losses and Designated Losses.
“Management ” means the members of management of the Company who are entitled to receive payments under the Management Incentive
Program.
“Management Escr ow Amount ” means that portion of the Escrow Amount to be contributed by Management, which amount will be provided to
Buyer three (3) days prior to the Closing.
“Management Incentive Compensation Pr ogram ” means the Standard Car Truck Company Senior Management Incentive Compensation
Program dated October 24, 2006.
“Management Incentive Payment ” means the aggregate amount to be paid to Management pursuant to the Management Incentive
Compensation Program less the Management Escrow Amount.
 
- 6 -
--- Page 12 ---
“Material Adverse Effect ” means a material adverse ef fect on (a) the results of operations or financial condition of the Company and the SCT
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, after taking into ef fect any insurance recoveries; provided , however , that none of the following shall be deemed in and of
themselves, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been
or will be, a Material Adverse Ef fect: (i) any failure by the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries to meet internal projections or forecasts or revenue or
earnings predictions for any period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released) on or after the date of this Agreement, (ii) changes, ef fects,
events, occurrences or circumstances that generally af fect the United States or the global economy or the securities, financial capital or credit markets
in the United States or elsewhere or the industries in which the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries operate, (iii) general economic, financial or
securities market conditions in the United States or elsewhere, (iv) the execution, delivery or announcement of this Agreement or the announcement or
pendency of the Transactions (including any cancellations of or delays in customer orders, any reductions in sales, any disruption in supplier ,
distributor , partner or similar relationships or any loss of employees), (v) changes in GAAP  or legal requirements applicable to the Company and the
SCT Subsidiaries, (vi) changes in Laws or interpretations thereof by a Governmental Authority , (vii) changes, ef fects or events caused by or resulting
from the taking of any action required by this Agreement or approved by Buyer , (viii) any actions required to be taken under this Agreement to obtain
any approval or authorization under any Antitrust Laws for the consummation of the Transactions, (ix) national or international political or social
conditions, including the engagement by the United States in hostilities, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emer gency or war , any
outbreak or material escalation of hostilities in which the United States is involved or the occurrence of any military or any terrorist attack upon the
United States, or any of its territories, possessions or diplomatic or consular of fices or upon any military installation, equipment or personnel of the
United States or directed against United States’  facilities or citizens wherever located or (x) as described on Exhibit H ; or (b) the ability of the
Company or Seller to consummate the Transactions.
“Maximum Amount ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(b)(ii) .
“Media ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.7(a) .
“Minimum Amount ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(b)(i) .
“Multiple Employer  Plan ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15(a) .
“Net Funded Debt ” means the amount equal to the Funded Debt less Cash, in each case as of the Closing Date.
“Owned Real Pr operty ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(a) .
“Party ” or “ Parties ” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
“Permits ” means licenses, permits or franchises issued by any Governmental Authority and other certificates, authorizations and approvals of
any Governmental Authority .
 
- 7 -
--- Page 13 ---
“Permitted Liens ” means all (a) Liens set forth on Section 1.1 of the Disclosure Letter ; (b) Liens disclosed in the Financial Statements; (c) Liens
for Taxes, assessments and other governmental char ges not yet due and payable or , if due, (i) not delinquent or (ii) being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings described on Section 4.13(d) of the Disclosure Letter ; (d) materialmen’ s, mechanics’, workmen’ s, repairmen’ s,
warehousemen’ s, carriers’  or other like Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business; (e) Liens associated with original purchase price
conditional sales contracts and equipment leases with third parties entered into in the ordinary course of business; and (f) with respect to any parcel of
the Real Property: (i) easements, licenses, covenants, rights-of-way and other similar restrictions, including any other agreements or restrictions which
would be shown by a current title report or other similar report or listing, (ii) any conditions that may be shown by a current survey or physical
inspection of the Real Property and (iii) zoning, building and other similar restrictions, so long as none of (i), (ii) or (iii) prevent the use of such Real
Property substantially as currently used.
“Permitted Transactions ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 .
“Person ” means any individual, firm, partnership, association, trust, corporation, joint venture, unincorporated or ganization, limited liability
company , Governmental Authority or other entity .
“Post-Signing Supplemental Information ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(a) .
“Post-Signing Supplemental Information Losses ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(c) .
“Pre-Signing Supplemental Information ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(a) .
“Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 .
“Preliminary Customer  Deposits ” means the good faith estimate of Customer Deposits as of the Closing Date as determined in accordance with
Article III .
“Preliminary Net Funded Debt ” means the good faith estimate of the Net Funded Debt as of the Closing Date as determined in accordance with
Article III .
“Proceeding ” means any action, arbitration, litigation, suit or formal investigation (whether civil, criminal, administrative, judicial or
investigative) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator .
“Product ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.23(a) .
“Proper  Courts ” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.8 .
“Purchase Price ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 .
“QSub Election ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(f) .
“Qualified Claims ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(b)(i) .
 
- 8 -
--- Page 14 ---
“Real Pr operty ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(d) .
“Recalls ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.23(a) .
“Release ” means any spilling, leaking, emitting, dischar ging, disposing, injecting, depositing, escaping, leaching, dumping, or other releasing
into the environment, whether intentional or unintentional.
“Restrictions ” means any transfer restrictions, proxies, voting agreements, agreements to sell or purchase and similar restrictions (other than
restrictions on transfer generally arising under the Securities Act or other applicable securities Laws).
“RFPC ” has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.
“S Corporation Par ent” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(f) .
“S Election ” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(f) .
“SCT  Subsidiary ” or SCT  Subsidiaries ” means any or all Standard Research and Design Corporation, SanCasT , Inc., Durox Company ,
Standard Car Truck-Asia, Inc., Barber Truck International, Inc., Standard Car Truck of Canada, Inc., SCT  Europe Ltd., SCT  Technology , LLC, Barber
Tian Rui Railway Supply , LLC and Barber Brake Beam LLC.
“Second Distribution Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.10(b)(ii) .
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder , and any successor to such
statute, rules or regulations.
“Seller ” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
“Seller  Indemnitees ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(c) .
“Seller  Repr esentative ” shall mean H.S. Russell, or such other person as designated, from time to time, by Seller in writing to Buyer .
“Shar es” means all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company .
“Sherman Act” means the Sherman Act of 1890, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder , and any successor to such
statute, rules or regulations.
“Straddle Period ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.8(b) .
“Subsidiary ” or “ Subsidiaries ” of any Person means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity in which such
Person (either alone or through or together with any other Subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly , 25% or more of the stock or other equity or
ownership interests.
“Taxes” means any federal, state, provincial, local, territorial and foreign income, profits, franchise, gross receipts, payroll, sales, employment,
use, property , real estate, excise, value added, estimated, stamp, withholding and any other taxes, duties or assessments, together with all interest,
penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts.
 
- 9 -
--- Page 15 ---
“Tax Returns ” means all federal, state, local, provincial and foreign tax returns, declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms and
information returns and any amended tax return relating to Taxes (as they relate to the Business).
“Termination Date ” means December 31, 2008; provided , however , that the Parties may , by mutual agreement, extend such date if the Closing
has not occurred due to the condition set forth in Section 8.3(b)  not being fulfilled.
“Third Party Claim ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4 .
“Trade Secr ets” means all secret, proprietary or confidential information of the Company or any SCT  Subsidiary , including any and all
information not generally known to, or ascertainable by , Persons not employed by the Company or any SCT  Subsidiary , the disclosure or knowledge of
which would permit those Persons to derive actual material economic value therefrom or to cause material economic or material financial harm to the
Company or any SCT  Subsidiary .
“Transactions ” means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
“Working Capital ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 . Any amounts which are to be included in any calculation of Working Capital which
are expressed in a currency other than U.S. dollars shall be converted into U.S. dollars at the Exchange Rate.
ARTICLE II
TRANSACTIONS; PURCHASE PRICE
2.1 Sale of Shares and Durox Shares . Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, at the Closing and as of the
Closing Date:
(a) The Company shall sell, convey , assign and transfer to RFPC, and RFPC shall purchase, acquire and accept from the Company , all of
the Company’ s right, title and interest in and to all of the Durox Shares free and clear of any Liens; and
(b) Immediately after the transfer of the Durox Shares to RFPC pursuant to Section 2.1(a)  above, Seller shall sell, convey , assign and
transfer to Buyer , and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and accept from Seller , all of Seller ’s right, title and interest in and to all of the Shares free and
clear of any Liens.
2.2 Purchase Price . The aggregate purchase price for the Durox Shares and the Shares shall be $300,000,000 less (a) Net Funded Debt and
(b) Customer Deposits, subject to adjustment pursuant to Article III  below (the “ Purchase Price ”); provided , however , that the Purchase Price shall be
adjusted by the Divestiture Adjustment, if any .
 
- 10 -
--- Page 16 ---
2.3 Payment of Closing Payment and Escrow Amount . At the Closing, Buyer shall (a) pay to Seller in immediately available U.S. federal funds
the Closing Payment and (b) deposit with Escrow Agent in immediately available U.S. federal funds the Escrow Amount pursuant to the Escrow
Agreement.
2.4 Tax Treatment of Sale of Shares and the Durox Shares . Pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1361-5(b), the Parties shall treat the
purchase and sale of the Shares and the purchase and sale of the Durox Shares hereunder for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and, where applicable,
for state and local income tax purposes), as a sale of the assets of the Company and each of the SCT  Subsidiaries for which a QSub election has been
made by Seller to Buyer in exchange for the Purchase Price plus the amount of liabilities as of the Closing Date of the Company and the SCT
Subsidiaries for which a QSub election has been made (the “ Deemed Asset Sale ”). Any amounts received by Seller for the purchase and sale of the
Durox Shares shall be deemed received by the Company and distributed by the Company to Seller immediately prior to the Buyer ’s purchase and sale
of the Shares. Consistent with such treatment, Seller will include any income, gain, loss, deduction or other Tax item resulting from the Deemed Asset
Sale on its Tax Returns in accordance with applicable Law .
2.5 Allocation of Purchase Price . The Purchase Price (as adjusted pursuant to Article III ) plus the amount of liabilities as of the Closing Date of
the Company and each of the SCT  Subsidiaries for which a QSub election has been made shall be allocated among the assets pursuant to the
methodology set forth on the attached Exhibit A (the “ Allocation ”). Buyer and Seller shall prepare all relevant Tax Returns in a manner consistent with
the Allocation and shall cooperate with each other in the preparation thereof. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing, the Parties shall
submit a mutually acceptable Allocation of the Purchase Price, which Allocation will not be changed without both Parties’  written consent.
ARTICLE III
ADJUSTMENTS TO PURCHASE PRICE
3.1 Pre-Closing Calculation . Three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall prepare and deliver to Parent a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries (the “ Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet ”) setting forth the Preliminary Net Funded Debt
and the Preliminary Customer Deposits. The Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet shall be calculated in accordance with GAAP  and the Financial
Statements and shall be reasonably acceptable to Buyer .
3.2 Post-Closing Calculation . Within seventy-five (75) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall, at its sole expense, prepare and deliver to
Seller a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date (the “ Final Closing Balance Sheet ”) setting forth
in reasonable detail the Net Funded Debt, the Customer Deposits and the Working Capital. The Final Closing Balance Sheet shall be prepared in
accordance with GAAP  and the Financial Statements. In connection therewith, from and after Closing, the Buying Parties shall provide Seller and its
advisors with reasonable access during normal working hours to all Company records and work papers used in preparing the Final Closing Balance
Sheet and necessary to compute the Net Funded Debt, the Customer Deposits and the Working Capital, as
 
- 11 -
--- Page 17 ---
well as the right to make copies of all such records and work papers. The Buying Parties shall also make available to Seller and its advisors the
Company’ s personnel and advisors involved in preparing the foregoing. Without limiting or prejudicing Seller ’s rights with respect to access to records,
work papers, personnel and advisors as set forth above, the Parties, however , agree that in the event that there is a dispute with respect to the
calculations, the Parties shall not have the right to discovery under the Federal Rules of Procedures. The calculation of the Net Funded Debt, the
Customer Deposits and the Working Capital as delivered to Seller shall be final and binding on the Parties unless, within thirty (30) Business Days after
delivery to Seller , Seller shall deliver to Buyer a Dispute Notice. After delivery of a Dispute Notice, Buyer and Seller shall promptly negotiate in good
faith with respect to the subject of the Dispute Notice, and if they are unable to reach an agreement within fifteen (15) Business Days after delivery to
Buyer of the Dispute Notice, the dispute shall be submitted to the Independent Auditor . In the event that Buyer and Seller disagree on the process and
procedure relating to the resolution of the dispute, the Independent Auditor shall conclusively resolve such dispute and establish the process and
procedure to be used in connection with its review of the disputed items. The Independent Auditor shall be directed to issue a final and binding decision
within thirty (30) days of submission of the Dispute Notice, as to the issues of disagreement referred to in the Dispute Notice and not resolved by the
Parties. The calculation of the Net Funded Debt, the Customer Deposits and the Working Capital, as so adjusted by agreement or by the Independent
Auditor (if required), shall be final and binding on the Parties. “ Working Capital ” shall mean the amount equal to Seller ’s total current assets
(excluding Cash) less Seller ’s total current liabilities, calculated in accordance with GAAP  consistently applied and applied on a basis consistent with
the Financial Statements (including the calculation of the value of inventory on a “last in-first out” basis) as of the Closing Date. A sample calculation
of the Working Capital as of December 31, 2007 is attached hereto as Exhibit B .
3.3 Dispute Notice . In connection with the calculations of the Net Funded Debt, the Customer Deposits and the Working Capital, a “ Dispute
Notice ” shall mean a written notice from Seller indicating disagreement with the calculations of the Net Funded Debt, the Customer Deposits and/or
the Working Capital and summarizing the items in dispute. The “ Independent Auditor ” shall mean a national public accounting firm with no material
relationship to either of the Parties or their respective Affiliates chosen by agreement of the Parties, or , if they are unable to agree, shall mean a national
firm with no such material relationship chosen by lot. The fees and expenses of the Independent Auditor retained as a result of any dispute related to
any statement shall be equitably allocated by the Independent Auditor , based on the accuracy of the Parties’  positions relative to the final determination
by the Independent Auditor .
3.4 Adjustments .
(a) If the Net Funded Debt as determined pursuant to Section 3.2  is more than the Preliminary Net Funded Debt, then Buyer shall be
entitled to recover from the Escrow Fund the amount of the dif ference within three (3) Business Days following the determination thereof. If the Net
Funded Debt as determined pursuant to Section 3.2  is less than the Preliminary Net Funded Debt, then Buyer shall promptly , but in no event later than
three (3) Business Days following the determination thereof, pay the amount of the dif ference to Seller .
 
- 12 -
--- Page 18 ---
(b) If the Customer Deposits as determined pursuant to Section 3.2  are more than the Preliminary Customer Deposits, then Buyer shall be
entitled to recover from the Escrow Fund the amount of the dif ference within three (3) Business Days following the determination thereof. If the
Customer Deposits as determined pursuant to Section 3.2  are less than the Preliminary Customer Deposits, then Buyer shall promptly , but in no event
later than three (3) Business Days following the determination thereof, pay the amount of the dif ference to Seller .
(c) If the Working Capital as determined pursuant to Section 3.2  is less than $40,349,000, then Buyer shall be entitled to recover from the
Escrow Fund the amount of the dif ference within three (3) Business Days following the determination thereof. If the Working Capital as determined
pursuant to Section 3.2  is more than $40,349,000, then Buyer shall promptly , but in no event later than three (3) Business Days following the
determination thereof, pay the amount of the dif ference to Seller .
3.5 Payment . Any amounts due to Buyer or to Seller under Section 3.4 shall be netted against one another such that only one payment shall be
necessary to satisfy the Parties’  obligations under Section 3.4 . Amounts due to Seller under Section 3.4  shall be reduced by any payments required to be
paid under the Management Incentive Compensation Program as a result of the adjustments to the Purchase Price set forth herein, such amounts to be
paid to Management by the Company or the Buyer at the same time payment is made to Seller . The Seller Representative shall provide Buyer in
writing no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the payment date with the amounts to be paid to each member of Management along with wire
transfer instructions.
ARTICLE IV
REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMP ANY
Except as set forth on the Disclosure Letter , the Company hereby represents and warrants to Buying Parties that, as of the date of this Agreement:
4.1 Corporate Existence . The Company and each SCT  Subsidiary is a corporation or limited liability company validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or or ganization and has all necessary corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now conducted. The Company and each SCT  Subsidiary is legally qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of its properties and the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for those jurisdictions
where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect.
4.2 Corporate Authority . This Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate acts or
proceedings of the Company prior to Closing, and the Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations hereunder . This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery hereof by the Buying Parties, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company , enforceable in accordance with its
terms.
 
- 13 -
--- Page 19 ---
4.3 Absence of Conflicts . Except as set forth on Section 4.3 of the Disclosure Letter , the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and, subject to the required compliance with Antitrust Laws related to the Transactions, the consummation by the Company of the
Transactions will not (a) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or operating agreement (or similar
organizational documents) of the Company or any of the SCT  Subsidiaries, (b) conflict with or violate any Law , judgment or decree of any
Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any of the SCT  Subsidiaries or (c) conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or
event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under , require any consent under , or give to others any rights
of termination or cancellation, modification or acceleration of, any Disclosed Contract to which the Company or any of the SCT  Subsidiaries is a party .
4.4 Capitalization . Section 4.4 of the Disclosure Letter  sets forth the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company .
Seller is the sole record and beneficial owner of, and has good and valid title to, all of the Shares, free and clear of all Liens and Restrictions. The
Company is the sole record and beneficial owner of, and has good and valid title to, all of the Durox Shares, free and clear of all Liens and Restrictions.
All of the Shares and the Durox Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. There are no outstanding options, warrants,
preemptive rights, agreements or other rights of any kind relating to the sale or issuance of additional shares of capital stock or other securities
convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to purchase, any shares of capital stock or other securities in the Company .
4.5 Subsidiaries .
(a) Section 4.5(a) of the Disclosure Letter  sets forth for each SCT  Subsidiary (i) its name and jurisdiction of formation, (ii) the authorized,
issued and outstanding equity ownership interests of such entity , and (iii) the names of the holders thereof, and the number of ownership interests held
by each such holder .
(b) Each holder of the ownership interests of each SCT  Subsidiary has good and valid title to, and is the sole record and beneficial owner
of, such ownership interests, free and clear of all Liens and Restrictions.
(c) All of the equity ownership interests of each SCT  Subsidiary are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except
as set forth on Section 4.5(c) of the Disclosure Letter , there are no outstanding options, warrants, agreements or other rights of any kind relating to the
sale or issuance of additional shares of capital stock or other securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to purchase any shares
of capital stock or other securities in any SCT  Subsidiary . Except for the ownership of the equity interests in each SCT  Subsidiary , neither the Company
nor any SCT  Subsidiary legally and beneficially owns any equity interest in any other Person.
4.6 Governmental Approvals; Consents . No claim, legal action, suit, arbitration, governmental investigation or other legal or administrative
Proceeding is pending or , to the Knowledge of the Company , threatened in writing against the Company or any SCT  Subsidiary which would enjoin or
delay the Transactions. Except as set forth on Section 4.6 of the
 
- 14 -
--- Page 20 ---
Disclosure Letter  and except as required by Antitrust Laws, no consent, approval, order or authorization of, license or permit from, notice to or
registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority , or any third party with respect to a Disclosed Contract, is required on the part of the
Company or any SCT  Subsidiary in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions, except for
such consents, approvals, orders or authorizations of, licenses or permits, filings, registrations, declarations or notices which have been obtained or
which may be necessary as a result of any facts relating solely to the Buying Parties or their Affiliates.
4.7 Financial Statements .
(a) The Company has heretofore delivered to Buyer the following consolidated financial statements of the Company (the “ Financial
Statements ”), copies of which are attached as Section 4.7(a) of the Disclosure Letter :
(i) audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007;
(ii) consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2008;
(iii) consolidated statement of operations for the six-month period ended June 30, 2008; and
(iv) consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month period ended June 30, 2008.
(b) The Financial Statements have been prepared from the books, records and accounts of the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries in
accordance with GAAP  consistently applied during the periods covered thereby (except for the absence of footnotes in the interim period Financial
Statements). Each balance sheet included in the Financial Statements fairly presents in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the
Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof, and the consolidated operations and cash flow statements included in the
Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries for the
respective periods indicated therein, in accordance with GAAP  (except for the absence of footnotes in the interim period Financial Statements). The
books of account, ledgers and other records of the Company and each of the SCT  Subsidiaries are complete and correct in all material respects.
4.8 Absence of Changes . Except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Letter , since June 30, 2008 to the date hereof:
(a) except as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Business has been conducted in all material respects in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice; and
(b) there has not occurred any change or event that has resulted in, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Ef fect.
 
- 15 -
--- Page 21 ---
4.9 Real Property .
(a) Section 4.9(a) of the Disclosure Letter  lists all of the real property and interests therein owned by the Company or any of the SCT
Subsidiaries (with all easements and other rights appurtenant to such property , the “ Owned Real Pr operty ”). The Company or a SCT  Subsidiary , as
the case may be, holds fee simple title to the applicable parcel of Owned Real Property , free and clear of any Liens, except Permitted Liens.
(b) Section 4.9(b) of the Disclosure Letter  lists all of the real property and interests therein leased or subleased by the Company or any of
the SCT  Subsidiaries (the “ Leased Real Pr operty ”). For each item of Leased Real Property , Section 4.9(b) of the Disclosure Letter  lists the lease or
sublease, pursuant to which the Company or a SCT  Subsidiary , as the case may be, holds a possessory interest in the Leased Real Property and all
material amendments, renewals, or extensions thereto (each, a “ Lease ”). The leasehold interest of the Company or a SCT  Subsidiary , as the case may
be, with respect to each item of Leased Real Property is held free and clear of any Liens, except Permitted Liens. Except as set forth on Section 4.9(b)
of the Disclosure Letter , neither the Company nor any of the SCT  Subsidiaries is a sublessor of, and has not assigned any Lease covering, any portion
of the Leased Real Property .
(c) Each Lease is valid and binding on the Company or the applicable SCT  Subsidiary and, to the Knowledge of the Company , is valid and
binding on the other parties thereto. The Company or the applicable SCT  Subsidiary that is a party to the Lease and, to the Knowledge of the Company ,
the other parties thereto are not in material default or breach under any such Lease, and there are no pending claims af fecting the Leases as of which the
Company and the SCT  Subsidiaries have written notice.
(d) The Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property (collectively , the “ Real Pr operty 