--- Page 1 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 1/109EX-2.1 2 exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm AGREEMENT  FOR PURCHASE OF THE CODE CORPORA TION
EXHIBIT 2.1
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
among
BRADY WORLDWIDE, INC.,
BW ACQUISITION CORP.,
THE CODE CORPORATION,
CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS OF THE CODE CORPORATION,
and
SHAREHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE SERVICES LLC
dated as of
June 16, 2021
1
--- Page 2 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 2/109TABLE OF CONTENTS
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 3
ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE 12
ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 17
ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND ACQUISITION SUB 33
ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLERS 35
ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 36
ARTICLE VII TAX MATTERS 41
ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 43
ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION 45
ARTICLE X TERMINATION 49
ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 50
Signatures 57
2
--- Page 3 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 3/109STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
This Stock Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of June 16, 2021, is entered into among BRADY
WORLDWIDE, INC., a Wisconsin corporation (“Parent”), BW ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation
(“Acquisition Sub”), THE CODE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (“Company”), the Stockholders identified on
Schedule A hereto (“Sellers”), and SHAREHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE SERVICES LLC, a Colorado limited liability
company, solely in its capacity as representative, agent and attorney-in-fact for the Sellers (“Stockholder
Representative”).
RECITALS:
A. Parent desires to acquire one hundred percent (100%) of the Company.
B. Sellers own approximately ninety-nine percent (99%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the
Company (the shares owned by Sellers hereunder, the “Purchased Shares”).
C. Acquisition Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent, desires to acquire from Sellers, and Sellers desire
to sell to Acquisition Sub, all of the Purchased Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
D. On the Business Day immediately following the closing of the acquisition of the Purchased Shares
pursuant to this Agreement, Parent shall cause Acquisition Sub to merge with and into the Company, with the
Company surviving such merger (the “Merger”) pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”).
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
The following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in this ARTICLE I:
“Accounting Principles” means GAAP.
“Acquisition Proposal” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(a).
“Action” means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, audit, notice of violation,
proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena, or formal investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative,
regulatory or otherwise, whether at law or in equity.
“Acquiring Parties Group” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.15.
“Acquisition Sub” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
“Affiliate” of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. The term “control” (including the terms
“controlled by” and “under common control with”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise.
“Affected Employee” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
“Ancillary Documents” means the Escrow Agreement and the other documents delivered or to be delivered by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement.
“Associated Rights” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.15.
“Audited Financial Statements” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
--- Page 4 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 4/109“Balance Sheet” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
3
--- Page 5 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 5/109“Balance Sheet Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
“Basket” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.05(a).
“Benefit Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20(a)(i).
“Business Day” means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in
the State of New York are authorized or required by Law to be closed for business.
“CARES Act” means the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (as amended) and any regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, and the Health and Economic Recovery
Omnibus Emergency Solutions Act.
“Cash” shall mean cash and cash equivalents (including marketable securities and short-term investments);
provided, that, Cash: (i) shall be calculated net of issued but uncleared checks and drafts to the extent the payables with
respect to such checks have been reduced and are not reflected on the Estimated Closing Statement; (ii) shall include
checks and drafts deposited for the account of such Person which have not cleared as of the time of determination to the
extent the receivables with respect to such checks and drafts have been reduced and are not reflected on the Estimated
Closing Statement and (iii) shall not include amounts paid to the Escrow Agent by the Company at or prior to the Closing
pursuant to Section 2.04(b).
“CERCLA” means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as
amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601 et seq.
“Change of Control Payments” means, collectively (but without disruption), any and all management sale
bonuses, transaction bonuses, change of control, retention, accelerated benefits or similar compensatory payments or
benefits due or payable by the Company, and any Company contribution due under any Benefit Plan or Non-US Benefit
Plan resulting from such payments, solely as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or the
entry into or adoption of this Agreement, and any related employer-side payroll Taxes payable as a result of any of the
foregoing; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, “Change of Control Payments” shall not include any retention,
incentive or other bonus or arrangement offered, directly or indirectly (including through the Company), by Parent that
contemplates any payment at or following the Closing.
“Closing” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.
“Closing Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.
“Closing Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
“Closing Transaction Consideration” means an amount equal to the sum of: (a) the Purchase Price; plus (b) the
Estimated Closing Working Capital Adjustment; plus (c) the Estimated Cash; minus (d) the Estimated Indebtedness; and
minus (e) the Estimated Transaction Expenses.
“Closing Working Capital” means: (a) the Current Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, less (b) the
Current Liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined as of the open of business on the Closing Date.
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
“Company” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
“Company Charter Documents” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03.
“Company Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company.
“Company Intellectual Property” means all Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.
“Company IP Agreements” means all licenses, sublicenses, consent to use agreements, settlements, coexistence
agreements, covenants not to sue, waivers, releases, permissions, and development agreements relating to Intellectual
Property to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are a party or otherwise bound, but in all cases excluding: (a)
non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses granted by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business
--- Page 6 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 6/109consistent with past practice; (b) agreements for the Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ use of commercially available
off-the-shelf Software; (c) Intellectual Property assignment agreements
4
--- Page 7 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 7/109entered into by the employees and independent contractors of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice; and (d) Intellectual Property development agreements entered into by Company and
its Subsidiaries with consultants in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.
“Company IP Registrations” means all Company Intellectual Property that is subject to any issuance, registration
or application by, to or with any Governmental Authority or authorized private registrar in any jurisdiction, including
issued patents, registered trademarks, domain names and copyrights, and pending applications for any of the foregoing.
“Company IT Systems” means all software, computer hardware, servers, networks, platforms, and similar
information technology (IT) networks and systems (including telecommunications networks and systems for voice, data,
and video) owned, leased, licensed, or used (including through cloud-based or other third-party service providers) by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
“Confidentiality Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(b).
“Consideration Spreadsheet” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(a).
“Contracts” means all contracts, leases, deeds, mortgages, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments,
undertakings, indentures, joint ventures and all other agreements, commitments and legally binding arrangements to which
a Person is legally bound.
“COVID-19 Pandemic” means the global pandemic of SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus 2), coronavirus disease or COVID-19, beginning in 2019.
“Current Assets” means accounts receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses, but excluding Cash, deferred Tax
assets and receivables from any of the Company’s Affiliates, directors, employees, officers or stockholders and any of their
respective Affiliates, determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles and consistent with the Sample Working
Capital Calculation.
“Current Liabilities” means accounts payable, accrued Taxes and accrued expenses of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, but excluding payables to any of the Company’s Affiliates, deferred Tax liabilities, and the current portion of
any Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles and
consistent with the Sample Working Capital Calculation; provided, that, notwithstanding the Effective Time, accrued Taxes
shall be determined taking into account applicable deductions for payments of, without duplication, Transaction Expenses,
Indebtedness and Option Payments. For the avoidance of doubt, “Current Liabilities” shall not include any amounts
otherwise captured in the calculation of Transaction Expenses or Indebtedness.
“D&O Indemnified Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07(a).
“D&O Indemnifying Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07(b).
“D&O Tail Policy” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07(c).
“DGCL” has the meaning set forth in the recitals.
“Direct Claim” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(c).
“Disclosure Schedules” means the Disclosure Schedules delivered by the Company and Parent concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
“Disputed Amounts” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(iii).
“Dollars or $” means the lawful currency of the United States.
“Effective Time” means 12:01 a.m. Central Time on the Closing Date.
“Employee Optionholder” means any Optionholder that is an employee of the Company as of the Closing Date.
“Encumbrance” means any charge, claim, community property interest, pledge, lien (statutory or other), option,
security interest, mortgage, easement, encroachment, right of way, right of first refusal, or restriction any kind, including
any restriction on use, voting, title or transfer.
--- Page 8 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 8/1095
--- Page 9 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 9/109“Enforceability Limitations” means limitations on enforcement and other remedies imposed by or arising under
or in connection with applicable Laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, receivership, reorganization,
moratorium, redemption, liquidation or other similar applicable Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the
rights and remedies of creditors, and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).
“Environmental Claim” means any Action, Governmental Order, lien, fine, penalty, or, as to each, any settlement
or judgment arising therefrom, by or from any Person alleging liability of whatever kind or nature (including liability or
responsibility for the costs of enforcement proceedings, investigations, cleanup, governmental response, removal or
remediation, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, medical monitoring, penalties, contribution,
indemnification and injunctive relief) arising out of, based on or resulting from: (a) the presence, Release of, or exposure
to, any Hazardous Materials; or (b) any actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or term or
condition of any Environmental Permit.
“Environmental Law” means any applicable Law, and any Governmental Order or binding agreement with any
Governmental Authority: (a) relating to pollution (or the cleanup thereof) or the protection of natural resources, endangered
or threatened species, human health, or the environment (including ambient air, soil, surface water or groundwater, or
subsurface strata); or (b) concerning the presence of, exposure to, or the management, manufacture, use, containment,
storage, recycling, reclamation, reuse, treatment, generation, discharge, transportation, processing, production, disposal or
remediation of any Hazar dous Materials. The term “Environmental Law” includes, without limitation, the following
(including their implementing regulations and any state analogs): CERCLA, RCRA, the Federal Water Pollution Control
Act of 1972, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 U.S.C. §§ 1251 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act of
1976, as amended, 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 et seq.; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42
U.S.C. §§ 11001 et seq.; the Clean Air Act of 1966, as amended by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, 42 U.S.C. §§
7401 et seq.; and the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §§ 651 et seq. (“OSHA” to the
extent OSHA relates to handling of or exposure to Hazardous Materials).
“Environmental Notice” means any written directive, notice of violation or infraction, or notice respecting any
Environmental Claim relating to actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or any term or condition
of any Environmental Permit.
“Environmental Permit” means any Permit, letter, clearance, consent, waiver, closure, exemption, decision or
other action required under or issued, granted, given, authorized by or made pursuant to Environmental Law.
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.
“ERISA Affiliate” means all employers (whether or not incorporated) that would be treated together with the
Company, the Company’s Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates as a “single employer” within the meaning of Section 414
of the Code.
“Escrow Agent” means Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
“Escrow Agreement” means the Escrow Agreement to be entered into by Parent, Stockholder Representative and
the Escrow Agent at the Closing, substantially in the form of Exhibit A.
“Escrow Funds” means the Indemnification Escrow Fund.
“Estimated Cash” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).
“Estimated Closing Working Capital Adjustment” shall be an amount (whether positive or negative) equal to:
(a) the Estimated Closing Working Capital minus (b) the Target Working Capital; provided that the Estimated Closing
Working Capital Adjustment shall be an amount equal to zero in the event the Estimated Closing Working Capital is
determined to be an amount greater than $4,294,034 and less than $4,746,038.
“Estimated Closing Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).
“Estimated Closing Working Capital” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).
--- Page 10 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 10/1096
--- Page 11 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 11/109“Estimated Indebtedness” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).
“Estimated Net Purchase Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).
“Estimated Transaction Expenses” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).
“Equityholders” means the Stockholders and the Optionholders.
“Final Cash” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(vi).
“Final Closing Working Capital” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(vi).
“Final Closing Working Capital Adjustment” shall be an amount (whether positive or negative) equal to the
difference of: (a) the Final Closing Working Capital, minus (b) the Target Working Capital; provided that the Final Closing
Working Capital Adjustment shall be an amount equal to zero Dollars ($0) in the event the Final Closing Working Capital
is determined to be an amount greater than $4,294,034 and less than $4,746,038.
“Final Indebtedness” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(vi).
“Final Net Purchase Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(vi).
“Final Net Transaction Consideration” means an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Purchase Price, plus (b) the
Final Closing Working Capital Adjustment, plus (c) the Final Cash, minus (d) the Final Indebtedness, minus (e) the Final
Transaction Expenses.
“Final Transaction Expenses” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(vi).
“Financial Statements” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
“Fraud” means a knowing misrepresentation or omission of a material fact with respect to the making of any
representation or warranty contained Article III in this Agreement with the specific intent to deceive, mislead and induce a
party to this Agreement to rely thereon and upon which such party reasonably relied and, as a result of which, actually
suffered any Loss. For the avoidance of doubt, “Fraud” shall not include any type of constructive or equitable fraud.
“GAAP” means United States generally accepted accounting principles.
“Government Contracts” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.09(a)(viii).
“Governmental Authority” means any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof,
or any agency or instrumentality of such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other
non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority (to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders
of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.
“Governmental Order” means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award
entered by or with any Governmental Authority.
“Hazardous Materials” means: (a) any material, substance, chemical, waste, product, derivative, compound,
mixture, solid, liquid, mineral or gas, in each case, whether naturally occurring or manmade, that is hazardous, acutely
hazardous, toxic, or words of similar import or regulatory effect under Environmental Laws; and (b) any petroleum or
petroleum-derived products, radon, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form, lead or lead-containing materials,
urea formaldehyde foam insulation, and polychlorinated biphenyls.
“Hazardous Waste” has the meaning ascribed thereto in and for purposes of RCRA.
“HSR Act” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.
“Indebtedness” means, without duplication and with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, all: (a)
indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than
Current Liabilities taken into account in the calculation of Closing Working Capital), (c) long or short-term obligations
evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments; (d) obligations under any interest rate, currency swap
or other hedging agreement or arrangement; (e) capital lease obligations; (f) reimbursement obligations under any letter of
credit, banker’s acceptance or similar credit transactions to the extent drawn; (g)
--- Page 12 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 12/1097
--- Page 13 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 13/109guarantees made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on behalf of any third party in respect of obligations of the kind
referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through (f); and (h) any unpaid interest, prepayment penalties, premiums, costs and
fees that would arise or become due as a result of the prepayment of any of the obligations referred to in the foregoing
clauses (a) through (g).
“Indemnification Escrow Amount” means $10,000,000.
“Indemnification Escrow Fund” means the Indemnification Escrow Amount plus any interest or other amounts
earned thereon and less any disbursements therefrom in accordance with the Escrow Agreement.
“Indemnification Escrow Funds” means the amount, as of any particular time, then remaining in the
Indemnification Escrow Fund.
“Indemnified Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06.
“Indemnifying Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06.
“Independent Accountant” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(iii).
“Insurance Policies” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.19.
“Intellectual Property” means any and all rights in, arising out of, or associated with any of the following in any
jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) issued patents and patent applications (whether provisional or non-provisional),
including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions, reissues, reexaminations, extensions, or
restorations of any of the foregoing, and other Governmental Authority-issued indicia of invention ownership (including
certificates of invention, petty patents, and patent utility models) (“Patents”); (b) trademarks, service marks, brands,
certification marks, logos, trade dress, trade names, and other similar indicia of source or origin, together with the goodwill
connected with the use of and symbolized by, and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals of, any of the
foregoing (“Trademarks”); (c) copyrights and original works of authorship, and all registrations, applications for
registration, and renewals of any of the foregoing (“Copyrights”); (d) internet domain names; (e) mask works, and all
registrations, applications for registration, and renewals thereof; (f) industrial designs, and all Patents, registrations,
applications for registration, and renewals thereof; (g) Trade Secrets; (h) computer programs, operating systems,
applications, firmware, and other code and technical standards, including all source code, object code, application
programming interfaces, data files, databases, protocols, specifications, and other documentation thereof (“Software”); (i)
rights of publicity; and (j) all other intellectual or industrial property and proprietary rights.
“Interim Balance Sheet” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
“Interim Balance Sheet Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
“Interim Financial Statements” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
“Knowledge” means, when used with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge of each of Kent Hanson, Tim
O’Hagan, and Dennis Kaill, after due inquiry of their respective direct reports in the Company.
“Law” means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty, common law, judgment,
decree, other requirement or rule of law of any Governmental Authority.
“Liabilities” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.07.
“Licensed Intellectual Property” means all Intellectual Property in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
hold any rights or interests granted by other Persons, including any of their Affiliates.
“Limited Waived Matters” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.16.
“Losses” means: (i) any losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs or expenses
of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, in each case paid or incurred by the Parent Indemnitees or Seller
Indemnitees (or any of them); and (ii) any and all reasonable fees and costs of pursuing any insurance providers or
defending any Third-Party Claims, but only to the extent the underlying claim constitutes an indemnifiable matter specified
in Section 9.2 (e.g., an actual breach of a representation and not a mere allegation of breach); provided, however, that
“Losses” shall not include punitive, special or indirect damages, or damages based
--- Page 14 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 14/1098
--- Page 15 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 15/109on lost profits, diminution in value or calculated based on a multiple of earnings, in each case, except for Qualified
Damages or to the extent actually awarded to a Governmental Authority or other third party.
“Material Adverse Effect” means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is, or would reasonably be
expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to: (a) the business, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries; or (b) the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis; provided, however, that “Material Adverse Effect”
shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to (i)
general economic or political conditions, or changes in general economic, market or political conditions, whether domestic
or international; (ii) conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company operates; (iii) any changes in
financial or securities markets in general; (iv) global, national or regional political conditions, including acts of war
(whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof; (v) any action required or
permitted by this Agreement; (vi) any changes in applicable Laws or accounting rules, including GAAP, or in the
interpretation thereof; (vii) the execution, public announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Company at the express written request or with the
prior express written consent of Parent; (viii) pandemics, epidemics, diseases or other public health crises (including the
COVID-19 Pandemic); (ix) earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, volcanic eruptions, natural disasters or other acts of
nature; (x) any failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to meet any Projections (it being understood that the facts
and circumstances giving rise to such failure may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material
Adverse Effect, except to the extent such facts or circumstances are excluded from being taken into account by clauses (i)
through (ix) above); provided further, however, that any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change referred to in clauses
(i) through (ix) immediately above shall be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur to the extent that such event, occurrence, fact, condition or change has a
disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other participants in the
industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct their businesses.
“Material Contracts” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.09(a).
“Material Customers” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a).
“Material Suppliers” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(b).
“Merger” has the meaning set forth in the recitals.
“Multiemployer Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20(c).
“MVA” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.15.
“Non-US Benefit Plans” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20(a).
“Option” means any option to purchase Company Common Stock granted under the Stock Option Plans and still
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.
“Option Payment” means, with respect to each Option, an amount equal to the quotient of: (a) Closing
Transaction Consideration divided by (b) the aggregate number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Shares owned by the Company which are to be cancelled and retired in accordance with Section 2.08(a))
and the number of Shares issuable upon the exercise in full of all vested Options outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, the result of which shall be reduced by the exercise price of each Option.
“Option Termination Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(c).
“Optionholder” means a holder of an Option.
“Parent” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
“Parent Indemnitees” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02.
“Paying Agent” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c).
--- Page 16 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 16/1099
--- Page 17 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 17/109“Payments Agreement” means that certain Payments Administration Agreement to be entered into at or prior to
Closing by and among Parent, the Stockholder Representative and the Paying Agent.
“Permits” means all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations, registrations, certificates, variances
and similar rights obtained, or required to be obtained, from Governmental Authorities.
“Permitted Encumbrances” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(a).
“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental
Authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association or other entity.
“Personal Data” means any piece of information that: (a) by itself or in combination with other information, is
capable of identifying a natural person; or (b) is considered “personally identifiable information,” “personally identifiable
health information,” “personal data,” “protected data,” “non-public personal information” or any similar category of
protected information or data under any applicable Law.
“Post-Closing Adjustment” means an amount (which may be positive or negative) equal to the sum of: (a) the
Final Net Purchase Price; minus (b) the Estimated Net Purchase Price.
“Post-Closing Adjustment Resolution Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(vi).
“Post-Closing Tax Period” means any taxable period beginning after the Closing Date and, with respect to any
taxable period beginning before and ending after the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period beginning after the
Closing Date.
“Pre-Closing Tax Period” means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to any
taxable period beginning before and ending after the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period ending on and
including the Closing Date.
“Pre-Closing Taxes” means Taxes of the Company or its Subsidiaries for any Pre-Closing Tax Period.
“Payoff Letters” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(b).
“Projections” means, collectively, any projections, business plan information, estimates, forecasts, budgets, pro-
forma financial information or similar information communicated (orally or in writing) to or made available to Parent,
Acquisition Sub or their respective Affiliates, agents, attorneys or representatives concerning, inter alia, future revenues,
profitability, expenses, expenditures or prospects, future results of operations (or any component thereof) or future cash
flows (or any component thereof) of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
“Protected Communications” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.15.
“Purchase Price” means $175,000,000.
“Qualified Benefit Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20(c).
“Qualified Damages” means (i) any damages resulting from Fraud and (ii) damages based on a multiple of
earnings (to the extent an adverse effect on earnings of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing) in the
event of any inaccuracy in or breach of a representation or warranty contained in Section 3.06 (Financial Statements).
“RCRA” means the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of
1976, as amended by the Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, 42 U.S.C. §§ 6901 et seq.
“Real Property” means the real property owned, leased or subleased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
together with all buildings, structures and facilities located thereon.
“Related Claim” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14.
“Release” means any actual or threatened release, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying,
discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, abandonment, disposing or allowing to escape or migrate into or
through the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air (indoor or outdoor), surface water, groundwater, land
surface or subsurface strata or within any building, structure, facility or fixture).
--- Page 18 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 18/109“Remaining Indemnification Escrow Funds” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.08(b).
10
--- Page 19 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 19/109“Representative” means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, employees, consultants,
financial advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person.
“Representative Losses” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(c).
“Resolution Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(ii).
“Review Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(i).
“Sample Working Capital Calculation” means a sample calculation of the Closing Working Capital, prepared in
a manner consistent with the Accounting Principles, as set forth on Exhibit B.
“Seller Closing Per Share Transaction Consideration” means an amount equal to the quotient of: (a) the Seller
Closing Transaction Consideration, divided by (b) the aggregate number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time.
“Seller Closing Transaction Consideration” means an amount equal to: (a) the Closing Transaction
Consideration, minus (b) the aggregate Option Payments.
“Seller Indemnification Cap” means, with respect to a Seller, an amount equal to the portion of the Seller Closing
Transaction Consideration actually received by such Seller.
“Seller Indemnitees” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04.
“Seller Pro Rata Share” means, with respect to a Seller, the percentage equal to the quotient of: (a) Shares held by
such Seller, divided by (b) the aggregate number of Shares held by all Sellers immediately prior to the Effective Time.
“Shares” means shares of Company Common Stock.
“Statement of Objections” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(ii).
“Stock Option Plans” means, collectively, (i) The Code Corporation 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and (ii) The Code
Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan.
“Stockholder” means a holder of Company Common Stock.
“Stockholder Pro Rata Share” means, with respect to a Stockholder, the percentage equal to the quotient of: (a)
Shares held by such Stockholder, divided by (b) the aggregate number of Shares held by all Stockholders immediately
prior to the Effective Time.
“Stockholder Representative” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
“Stockholder Representative Expense Amount” means $275,000.
“Stockholder Representative Expense Fund” means the Stockholder Representative Expense Amount less any
disbursements therefrom.
“Straddle Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04.
“Subsidiary” or “Subsidiaries” means, in respect of any Person, any corporation or other legal entity of which
such Person (either alone or together with other Subsidiaries of such Person) owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of
the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority
of its board of directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests, more than 50% of the stock or
other equity interests of such entity).
“Target Working Capital” means $4,520,036.
“Tax Claim” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.05.
“Taxes” means all federal, state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production, ad valorem,
transfer, franchise, registration, profits, net worth, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, value added, payroll,
employment, unemployment, estimated, excise, escheat, severance, environmental, stamp, occupation, premium, property
(real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any
kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties with
--- Page 20 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 20/10911
--- Page 21 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 21/109respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties and shall include any transferee liability in respect
of any and all of the above.
“Tax Return” means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other
document relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.
“Third Party Claim” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(a).
“Trade Secrets” means know-how, data, and business or technical information, including formulae, patterns,
compilations, programs, devices, methods, techniques or processes that: (a) derive independent economic value, actual or
potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who
can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the
circumstances to maintain its secrecy.
“Transaction Consideration” means the Closing Transaction Consideration, together with those portions of the
Escrow Funds and the Post-Closing Adjustment (if any) that an Equityholder actually receives pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.
“Transaction Expenses” means all fees and expenses incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries and their
Affiliates (to the extent the Company and its Subsidiaries would be responsible for such amounts) at or prior to the Closing
in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, and the
performance and consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby including any
unpaid costs of the D&O Tail Policy referenced in Section 6.07(b) and any Change of Control Payments which are unpaid
as of the Closing.
“Undisputed Amounts” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c)(iii).
“Union” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21(b).
“WARN Act” means the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, and similar state,
local and foreign laws related to plant closings, relocations, mass layoffs and employment losses.
ARTICLE II
PURCHASE AND SALE
Section 2.01 Purchase and Sale. At the Closing, Sellers shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to
Acquisition Sub all of the Purchased Shares, free and clear of all Encumbrances.
Section 2.02 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place at 7:00 a.m., Central Daylight Time, no later than
two (2) Business Days after the last of the conditions to Closing set forth in ARTICLE VIII have been satisfied or
waived (other than conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the Closing Date), remotely by
exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts), or at such other time or on such other date
or at such other place as the parties may mutually agree upon in writing (the day on which the Closing takes place
being the “Closing Date”). The Closing shall be deemed to be effective as of the Effective Time.
Section 2.03 Closing Payments. At the Closing, Parent shall pay the following:
(a) Payment to third parties by wire transfer of immediately available funds the Estimated Transaction
Expenses (other than Change of Control Payments, if any, to be paid pursuant to Section 2.03(f), below) as set forth on the
Estimated Closing Statement;
(b) Payment to holders of the Estimated Indebtedness pursuant to the Payoff Letters;
(c) Payment to Acquiom Financial LLC, a Colorado limited liability company (in its capacity as the
payments administrator pursuant to the Payments Agreement, the “Paying Agent”), for further distribution to each Seller
by wire transfer of immediately available funds an amount equal to the Seller Closing Per Share Transaction Consideration
payable to such Seller as set forth on the Consideration Spreadsheet;
--- Page 22 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 22/10912
--- Page 23 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 23/109(d) Payment to each non-employee Optionholder by wire transfer of immediately available funds an
amount equal to such non-employee Optionholder’s aggregate Option Payment as set forth on the Consideration
Spreadsheet;
(e) Payment to the Company or its designee payroll service provider by wire transfer of immediately
available funds an aggregate amount equal to each Employee Optionholder’s aggregate Option Payment as set forth on the
Consideration Spreadsheet.
(f) Payment to the Company or its designee payroll service provider by wire transfer of immediately
available funds an aggregate amount equal to any Change of Control Payments which are unpaid as of the Closing, if any.
Section 2.04 Closing Deliverables.
(a) At or prior to the Closing, the Sellers and the Company shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to
Parent the following:
(i) (1) Stock certificates evidencing the Purchased Shares that are certificated, free and clear
of all Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances), duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock powers or
other instruments of transfer from each Seller duly executed in blank or (2) affidavits of lost stock certificates (containing
customary attestations and indemnities) in respect of any stock certificate evidencing a Purchased Share that has been lost,
destroyed or otherwise is unable to be delivered by the applicable Seller;
(ii) [Reserved].
(iii) The Escrow Agreement duly executed by Stockholder Representative;
(iv) Resignations of all the directors and officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
(v) A certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of the
Company, that each of the conditions set forth in Section 8.02(a) and Section 8.02(b) have been satisfied;
(vi) A certificate of the Secretary or an assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of the
Company certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the Company Board
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all
the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby;
(vii) A certificate of the Secretary or an assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of the
Company certifying the names and signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to sign this Agreement, the
Ancillary Documents and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder;
(viii)A good standing certificate (or its equivalent) from the secretary of state or similar
Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction under the Laws in which the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is
organized;
(ix) The Estimated Closing Statement contemplated in Section 2.05(a);
(x) The Consideration Spreadsheet contemplated in Section 2.06;
(xi) Option Termination Agreements from the Optionholders listed on Schedule 2.04(a)(xi),
duly executed by each such Optionholder; and
(xii) A certificate from the Company in a form consistent with Treasury Regulations Sections
1.14455-2(c)(3) and 1.897-2(h) and reasonably satisfactory to Parent, dated as of the Closing Date, that no interest in the
Company is a U.S. real property interest.
(b) At or prior to the Closing, the Sellers and the Company shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to
(i) the Escrow Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds the Indemnification Escrow Amount and (ii) the
Stockholder Representative the Stockholder Representative Expense Amount.
--- Page 24 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 24/10913
--- Page 25 ---
1/17/24, 12:03 PM Document
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/746598/000074659821000080/exhibit21agreementforpurch.htm 25/109(c) At the Closing, Parent shall deliver to the Sellers, or such other Person as may be specified herein,
the following:
(i) The Escrow Agreement duly executed by Parent;
(ii) A certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of Company,
that each of the conditions set forth in Section 8.03(a) and Section 8.03(b) have been satisfied;
(iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Parent and
Acquisition Sub certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of
directors of Parent and Acquisition Sub authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such
resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby; and
(iv) A certificate of the Secretary or an assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Parent and
Acquisition Sub certifying the names and signatures of the officers of Parent and Acquisition Sub authorized to sign this
Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.
Section 2.05 Estimated Closing Statement; Closing Statement; Adjustments.
(a) Prior to the Closing, the Company shall prepare and deliver to Parent a written closing statement
certified by the Chief Financial Officer or Vice President of Finance of the Company (the “Estimated Closing
Statement”) setting forth its good faith estimates of: (i) Closing Working Capital (the “Estimated Closing Working
Capital”), including the amount of the Estimated Closing Working Capital Adjustment; (ii) Indebtedness, if any, unpaid as
of the Effective Time (the “Estimated Indebtedness”); (iii) Transaction Expenses, if any, unpaid as of the Effective Time
(the “Estimated Transaction Expenses”); (iv) Cash, if any, as of the Effective Time (the “Estimated Cash”) and the
estimated Closing Transaction Consideration based thereupon (the “Estimated Net Purchase Price”). The Estimated
