--- Page 1 ---
EX-2.1 2 dex21.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 2.1
EXECUTION VERSION
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
by and between
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG
and
AT&T  INC.
Dated as of March 20, 201 1
--- Page 2 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
 
           Page  
  ARTICLE I
Definitions and Terms   
1.1.   Definitions    1  
1.2.   Other Definitional Provisions    15  
   ARTICLE II   
   Purchase and Sale; Closing   
2.1.   Purchase and Sale    16  
2.2.   Payment at Closing    16  
2.3.   Purchase Price Adjustment    17  
2.4.   Closing    21  
   ARTICLE III   
   Representations and Warranties   
3.1.   Representations and Warranties Regarding Seller    21  
3.2.   Representations and Warranties Regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries    22  
3.3.   Representations and Warranties of Purchaser    38  
   ARTICLE IV   
   Covenants   
4.1.   Interim Operations    42  
4.2.   Access; Post-Signing Deliverables    46  
4.3.   Publicity    48  
4.4.   Expenses    48  
4.5.   Resignations    49  
4.6.   Filings; Other Actions; Notification    49  
4.7.   Financial Working Group    50  
4.8.   Seller ’s Cooperation with Financing    50  
4.9.   Regulatory Compliance    51  
4.10.   Further Action    51  
4.11.   Intercompany Arrangements    52  
4.12.   Repayment of Indebtedness    52  
4.13.   Customer Communications    53  
4.14.   Employee Matters    53  
4.15.   Minimum Cash Balance    54  
4.16.   Business Plan; Capital Expenditures    54  
4.17.   Additional Covenants of Purchaser    54  
4.18.   Purchaser Board of Directors    55  
--- Page 3 ---
4.19.   Listing of Purchaser Shares    55  
4.20.   Potential Sale of Interests    55  
4.21.   Use of Trademarks    56  
4.22.   Intellectual Property Licenses    56  
4.23.   Covenant Not to Sue    57  
4.24.   Other Transition Arrangements    57  
4.25.   Confidentiality    57  
4.26.   Indemnification and Insurance; Release    57  
4.27.   Purchaser Common Stock    58  
4.28.   Subscriber List    58  
   ARTICLE V   
   Conditions   
5.1.   Conditions to Each Party’ s Obligation to Ef fect the Transaction    60  
5.2.   Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser    60  
5.3.   Conditions to Obligations of Seller    62  
   ARTICLE VI   
   Indemnification   
6.1.   Survival; Ef fect of Materiality Qualifiers    63  
6.2.   Indemnification    63  
6.3.   Indemnification Procedures    64  
6.4.   Limitations on Indemnification    67  
6.5.   Indemnity Payments    68  
6.6.   Exclusive Remedy    69  
   ARTICLE VII   
   Termination   
7.1.   Termination by Mutual Consent    69  
7.2.   Termination by Either Purchaser or Seller    69  
7.3.   Termination by Seller    70  
7.4.   Termination by Purchaser    70  
7.5.   Effect of Termination and Abandonment    70  
   ARTICLE VIII   
   Miscellaneous and General   
8.1.   Amendment; Waivers, Etc.    72  
8.2.   Counterparts    72  
8.3.   Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Selection of Forum; Waiver of Trial by Jury    72  
8.4.   Notices    73  
8.5.   Entire Agreement; No Other Representations    74  
 
-ii-
--- Page 4 ---
8.6.   Specific Performance    74  
8.7.   No Third-Party Beneficiaries    74  
8.8.   Severability    74  
8.9.   Interpretation    74  
8.10.   Assignment    74  
8.11.   Limitation of Liability    75  
8.12.   Securities Matters    75  
8.13.   Transfer Taxes    77  
 
Exhibits     
Exhibit A      Stockholder ’s Agreement
Annexes     
Annex A      Per Subscriber Amount
Annex B      MHz POP  Values
Annex C      Markets
Annex D      Employee Retention Letter Terms
Annex E      Termination Transfer
Annex F      Roaming Agreement Terms
 
-iii-
--- Page 5 ---
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT  (this “ Agreement ”), dated as of March 20, 201 1, by and between DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG, an
Aktiengesellschaft  organized and existing under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany (“ Seller ”), and AT&T  INC., a Delaware corporation
(“Purchaser ”).
RECIT ALS
WHEREAS, Seller owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of T-Mobile Global Zwischenholding GmbH, a
Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung  organized and existing under the laws of Germany (“ Global ”), which owns all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of T-Mobile Global Holding GmbH, a Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung  organized and existing under the laws of Germany
(“Holding ”), which owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of T-Mobile USA, Inc. (the “ Company ”), a Delaware corporation;
WHEREAS, Seller desires to cause Holding to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser desires to purchase from Holding all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Purchaser ’s willingness to enter into
this Agreement, Seller and Purchaser are entering into a stockholder ’s agreement, in respect of the Purchaser Shares, dated as of the date hereof, and
attached as Exhibit A (the “ Stockholder ’s Agreement ”).
NOW , THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein,
and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and suf ficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
Definitions and Terms
1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:
“Affiliate ” shall mean with respect to any Person, a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is
Controlled by , or is under common Control with such Person.
“Agreement ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
--- Page 6 ---
“Applicable Accounting Principles ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).
“Assumed Employees ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(a).
“Average Adjusted Closing Price ” means a dollar amount equal to (i) if the Average Trading Price is greater than $26.0165 and less than
$30.2354, then the Average Trading Price; (ii) if the Average Trading Price is greater than or equal to $30.2354, then $30.2354; or (iii) if the Average
Trading Price is equal to or less than $26.0165, then $26.0165.
“Average Trading Price ” means the volume-weighted average of the per share trading prices of Purchaser Common Stock as reported
through Bloomber g (based on all trades in Purchaser Common Stock and not an average of daily averages) for the 30 consecutive full trading days
ending on the third Business Day prior to the Closing.
“Beneficially Own ” shall mean, with respect to any securities, (i) having “beneficial ownership” of such securities for purposes of Rule
13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor statute or regulation), (ii) having the right to become the Beneficial Owner of such securities
(whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or the occurrence of conditions) pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (iii) having an
exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism with respect to any option, warrant, convertible security , stock appreciation,
swap agreement or other security , contract right or derivative position, whether or not currently exercisable, at a price related to the value of the
securities for which Beneficial Ownership is being determined or a value determined in whole or part with reference to, or derived in whole or in part
from, the value of the securities for which Beneficial Ownership is being determined that increases in value as the value of the securities for which
Beneficial Ownership is being determined increases or that provides to the holder an opportunity , directly or indirectly , to profit or share in any profit
derived from any increase in the value of the securities for which Beneficial Ownership is being determined (excluding any interests, rights, options or
other securities set forth in Rule 16a-1(c)(1)-(5) or (7) promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act).
“Benefit Plans ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g)(i).
“Business ” shall mean the business of marketing, selling and providing wireless telecommunication services (including voice and data
services), and all services ancillary thereto, in the United States.
“Business Day ” shall mean any day other than a Saturday , a Sunday , a federal holiday or a day on which banks in the City of New York or
in Frankfurt, Germany are authorized or obligated by Law to close.
“Business Marks ” means the Trademarks owned by or licensed to Seller or its Subsidiaries (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries)
that are used by the Company or any
 
2
--- Page 7 ---
of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Business, including the Trademarks set forth on the list delivered pursuant to Section 4.2(a)(iii).
“Cash Consideration ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).
“Cash Election ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).
“Chosen Courts ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.
“CMA ” shall have the meaning set forth in Annex B.
“Closing ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.
“Closing Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.
“Closing Dischar ged Indebtedness ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).
“Closing Statement ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).
“Closing Statement Dispute Notice ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c).
“Code ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g)(ii).
“Communications Act” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(d)(i).
“Communications Licenses ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h)(ii).
“Company ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“Company Common Stock ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(b)(i).
“Company Contracts ” shall mean agreements, leases, licenses, contracts, notes, mortgages, indentures, arrangements or other obligations
binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
“Company Material Adverse Ef fect” shall mean (i) an ef fect that would prevent the ability of Seller to consummate the Transaction or (ii) a
material adverse ef fect on the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, excluding any such ef fect to the extent resulting from (A) changes or conditions (including political and legal conditions) generally
affecting (x) the U.S. or global economy or financial, debt, credit or securities markets or (y) the United States mobile wireless voice and data industry;
(B) declared or undeclared acts of war , terrorism, outbreaks or escalations of hostilities, sabotage or civil strife; (C) weather -related conditions; (D) any
change in GAAP  or applicable Laws or regulatory or enforcement developments except to the extent such change disproportionately af fects the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
 
3
--- Page 8 ---
whole, relative to other companies in the U.S. mobile wireless voice and data industry; (E) the failure by the Company to meet any estimates of
revenues or earnings for any period ending on or after the date hereof; provided , that the exception in this clause (E) shall not prevent or otherwise
affect a determination that any change, ef fect, circumstance or development underlying such decline has resulted in or contributed to a Company
Material Adverse Ef fect; or (F) matters that were primarily the result of the pendency , announcement, or public disclosure of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby , but excluding any such ef fect arising through breach of this Agreement or misconduct by Seller or the Company or
any of their Affiliates. Any determination of “Company Material Adverse Ef fect” shall exclude the ef fects of (i) the matters disclosed in the Seller
Disclosure Letter or the Financial Statements and (ii) the ef fects of any restrictions, limitations or conditions that by the terms of this Agreement are
taken into account in determining the existence of a Regulatory Material Adverse Condition.
“Company Shares ” shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or Equity Interests of the Company .
“Confidentiality Agreement ” shall mean the confidentiality agreements, dated December 2010, between AT&T  Services, Inc. and the
Company .
“Control ” shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
“Damages ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(a).
“De Minimis Amount ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(a)(ii).
“Direct Claim ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(c).
“Direct Claim Notice ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(c).
“Disputed Item ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c).
“Divested Market Amount ” shall mean an amount equal to the product of (i) the aggregate number of Subscribers for Market Divestitures
as set forth with respect to each applicable Market on the Subscriber List and (ii) the amount set forth on Annex A.
“Divested Spectrum Amount ” shall mean the sum of (i) all First Tier Divested Spectrum Amounts, plus (ii) all Second Tier Divested
Spectrum Amounts.
“Divestiture Disputes ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(h)(i).
“Divestiture Adjustment Amount ” shall mean an amount equal to (i) the Divestitures Amount minus  (ii) $3,900,000,000.00; provided , that
(x) if the result of (i) minus  (ii) is a negative number , the Divestiture Adjustment Amount shall be deemed to be $0, and (y) in no event will the
Divestiture Adjustment Amount exceed $3,900,000,000.00.
 
4
--- Page 9 ---
“Divestiture Sale ” shall mean a Market Divestiture or Spectrum Divestiture.
“Divestitures Amount ” shall mean an amount equal to (i) the Divested Market Amount plus (ii) the Divested Spectrum Amount.
“EC Mer ger Regulation ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(d).
“Encumbrance ” (including, with correlative meaning, the term “ Encumber ”) shall mean any lien, pledge, char ge, claim, encumbrance,
security interest, option, lease, license, mortgage, easement or other restriction or third-party right of any kind, including any right of first refusal or
restriction on voting, in each case other than pursuant to the Stockholder ’s Agreement.
“Environmental Law ” shall mean any applicable Law relating to (i) the protection of the environment (including air , water , soil and natural
resources) or (ii) the use, storage, handling, release or disposal of any Hazardous Substance or waste, in each case as presently in ef fect.
“Equity Interests ” shall mean (i) any capital stock of a corporation, any partnership interest, any limited liability company interest or any
other equity interest; (ii) any security or right convertible into, exchangeable for , or evidencing the right to subscribe for , any such stock, equity interest
or security referred to in clause (i); (iii) any stock appreciation right, contingent value right or similar security or right that is derivative of any such
stock, equity interest or security referred to in clause (i) or (ii); and (iv) any contract to grant, issue, award, convey or sell any of the foregoing.
“ERISA ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g)(i).
“ERISA  Affiliate ” means any entity that would be considered a single employer with the Company under Section 4001(b) of ERISA  or a
member of a group of entities which includes the Company for purposes of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.
“Estimated Closing Free Cash Flow Adjustment Amount ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a)(i).
“Estimated Closing Dischar ged Indebtedness ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a)(i).
“Estimated Divestiture Adjustment Amount ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a)(ii).
“Estimated Purchaser Closing Statement ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a)(ii).
“Estimated Seller Closing Statement ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a)(i).
 
5
--- Page 10 ---
“Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
“Excluded Liabilities ” shall mean the Liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date that (i) did not arise, directly
or indirectly , out of or in connection with the assets used in, or the operations of, the Business (including products, services, assets and operations
ancillary thereto) as conducted at any time prior to the Closing Date, (ii) did not become Liabilities prior to June 1, 2001 and (iii) are not reflected in
the Financial Statements or in the Seller Disclosure Letter .
“FAA” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h)(ii).
“FAA Rules ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h)(v).
“FCC ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(d)(i).
“FCC Licenses ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h)(ii).
“FCC Rules ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(a).
“Final Order ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).
“Financial Statements ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(e)(i).
“First Tier Divested Spectrum Amount ” shall mean, for each Spectrum Divestiture, an amount equal to the product of (i) the number of
MHz POPs to be divested in such Spectrum Divestiture, (ii) the corresponding dollar value per MHz POP  for the applicable CMA  of the divested MHz
POPs as set forth in Column 2 of Annex B, and (iii) the First Tier Divestiture Ratio.
“First Tier Divestiture Ratio ” shall mean the quotient obtained by dividing 2.5 billion by the total number of MHz POPs to be divested in
all Spectrum Divestitures; provided , that if such quotient is greater than 1.0, the First Tier Divestiture Ratio shall be 1.0.
“Free Cash Flow ” in respect of a period means the consolidated net income of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, plus
(i) any depreciation and amortization and (ii) any other non-cash char ges deducted in determining such consolidated net income, less, but in each case
only to the extent not already deducted in the computation of such consolidated net income, (A) to the extent included in such consolidated net income,
amounts in respect of sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business, (B) all capital expenditures and amounts paid for spectrum made during
such period, (C) payments made with respect to any Indebtedness during such period, and (D) other cash payments made, but not taken into account in
determining the consolidated net income of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, all determined in accordance with the Applicable
Accounting Principles, and using the line items set forth on Schedule 2.3(a)(I) of the Seller Disclosure Letter .
 
6
--- Page 11 ---
“Free Cash Flow Adjustment Amount ” shall mean an amount equal to (i) the lesser of (A) the sum of (I) the product of the number of full
calendar months elapsed from the date hereof through the Closing and $150,000,000.00, plus (II) the product of the number of days in any partial
month between the date hereof and the day prior to the Closing, divided  by 30.5 (which amount may not be greater than 2), multiplied  by
$150,000,000.00, reduced, but not below zero, by (III) the Spending Deficiency , and (B) the Free Cash Flow from the date hereof until the day prior to
the Closing Date, reduced, but not below zero, by the Spending Deficiency , minus an amount equal to (ii) the excess, if any , of (A) the value of all cash
and other distributions by the Company to Seller and its Subsidiaries from the date hereof until the Closing in respect of Free Cash Flow , over (B) all
cash contributions by Seller or any of its Affiliates (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) (other than any contributions that constitute
Indebtedness) to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and provided that the amount in clause (ii)(A) shall not include any payments or distributions
by the Company to Seller and its Subsidiaries from the date hereof until the Closing Date in respect of Intercompany Contracts or Indebtedness, in each
case paid in accordance with prior practice and the terms disclosed to Purchaser prior to the date hereof.
“Fundamental Purchaser Representations ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).
“Fundamental Seller Representations ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).
“GAAP ” shall mean U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
“Global ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“Governmental Consents ” shall mean all notices, reports and other filings required to be made prior to the Closing by Seller or Purchaser
or any of their respective Subsidiaries with, and all consents, registrations, approvals, permits, clearances and authorizations required to be obtained
prior to the Closing by Seller or Purchaser or any of their respective Subsidiaries from, any Governmental Entity in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transaction.
“Governmental Entity ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(d)(i).
“Hazardous Substance ” shall mean any substance that is (i) listed, classified or regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law; (ii) any
petroleum product or by-product, asbestos-containing material, lead-containing paint or plumbing, polychlorinated biphenyls, mold, radioactive
material or radon; and (iii) any other substance which may be the subject of regulatory action by any Governmental Entity in connection with any
Environmental Law .
“Holding ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“HSR Act” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(d)(i).
 
7
--- Page 12 ---
“Indebtedness ” shall mean (i) all liabilities for borrowed money , whether current or funded, secured or unsecured, all obligations evidenced
by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, and all liabilities in respect of mandatorily redeemable or purchasable capital stock or securities
convertible into capital stock; (ii) all liabilities for the principal amount of the deferred and unpaid purchase price of real property and equipment that
have been delivered; (iii) all liabilities in respect of any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property , or a
combination thereof, which liabilities are required to be classified and accounted for under GAAP  as capital leases; (iv) all liabilities for the
reimbursement of any obligor on any letter of credit, banker ’s acceptance or similar credit transaction securing obligations of a type described in
clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above to the extent of the obligation secured; and (v) all liabilities as guarantor of obligations of any other Person of a type
described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, to the extent of the obligation guaranteed.
“Indemnifying Party ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).
“Independent Accountant ” shall mean a certified public accountant satisfactory to Purchaser and Seller; provided , that if Purchaser and
Seller do not appoint an Independent Accountant within 10 days after either Purchaser or Seller gives notice to the other of a request therefor , either of
them may request the American Arbitration Association to appoint as the Independent Accountant a partner in the New York of fice of a nationally
recognized independent registered public accounting firm based on its determination that the partner has had no material relationships with the parties
or their respective Affiliates within the preceding two years and taking into account such firm’ s material relationships during the preceding two years
with the parties and their respective Affiliates, and such appointment shall be final, binding and conclusive on Purchaser and Seller .
“Insurance Policies ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(j).
“Intellectual Property ” shall mean all rights in intellectual property of any type throughout the world, including the following: (i) all
trademarks, service marks, brand names, product names and slogans, certification marks, collective marks, d/b/a’ s, assumed names, Internet domain
names, logos, symbols, trade dress, trade names and any and every other form of trade identity and other indicia of origin, all applications and
registrations therefor and renewals thereof and all goodwill associated therewith and symbolized thereby (“ Trademarks ”); (ii) all inventions and
discoveries, whether or not reduced to practice, patents, including utility patents and design patents, industrial designs and utility models, invention
disclosures, all applications and registrations for the foregoing, including reissues, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, supplementary
protection certificates, extensions, reexaminations, renewals thereof, and any counterparts (foreign or otherwise) claiming priority therefrom which
priority may be claimed, and all inventions disclosed therein and improvements thereto (“ Patents ”); (iii) proprietary and confidential information, trade
secrets and know-how , including processes, schematics, business methods, formulae, drawings, research and development, prototypes, models, designs,
customer lists and supplier lists, all other confidential or proprietary technical, business and other information and all rights in any jurisdiction to limit
the use or disclosure thereof (“ Trade Secrets ”); (iv) published and unpublished works of authorship (including
 
8
--- Page 13 ---
databases and other compilations of information, mask works and Software), the copyrights therein and thereto and all registrations and applications
therefor and renewals, extensions, restorations and reversions thereof; and (v) all other intellectual property , industrial or similar proprietary rights
recognized under any jurisdiction worldwide.
“Intellectual Property Contracts ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(o)(i)(K).
“Intercompany Contracts ” shall mean all Company Contracts between the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand,
and Seller or one or more of its Subsidiaries (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries), on the other hand.
“Intercompany Indebtedness ” shall mean any Indebtedness for borrowed money that immediately prior to the Closing would be owed by
the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to Seller or one of its Subsidiaries (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) or by Seller or one of its
Subsidiaries (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.
“IRS” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g)(ii).
“IT Assets ” shall mean computers, Software, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data communications
lines and all other information technology equipment, and all documentation associated therewith.
“Knowledge of the Company ” shall mean the actual knowledge of the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1 of the Seller Disclosure Letter .
“Laws ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h)(i).
“Leased Real Property ” shall mean all real property leased or subleased by the Company and its Subsidiaries.
“Liabilities ” means any and all debts, liabilities, commitments and obligations of any kind, whether fixed, contingent or absolute, matured
or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not accrued, asserted or not asserted, known or unknown, determined, determinable or otherwise,
whenever or however arising (including, whether arising out of any contract or tort based on negligence or strict liability) and whether or not the same
would be required by GAAP  to be reflected in financial statements or disclosed in the notes thereto.
“Licensed Parties ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.21.
“Licenses ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h).
“Market ” shall mean each of the counties in the United States as set forth on Annex C.
 
9
--- Page 14 ---
“Market Divestiture ” shall mean the sale, transfer or other divestiture of assets, including Equity Interests, required by , or agreed to with,
any Governmental Entity in connection with obtaining a Governmental Consent, which results in the sale, transfer or other disposition of Licenses for
wireless spectrum, network assets, systems, customers and/or other assets in the Market or Markets that are the subject of the divestiture of a
geographic area designation established by the FCC (e.g., BT A or CMA) in a manner that amounts to an ef fective exit of the Company from serving its
wireless customers in such Market or Markets.
“Market Divestiture Proceeds Percentage ” shall mean the percentage that (i) the Divestiture Adjustment Amount represents of (ii) the
amount equal to the product of (A) 2.0 and (B) the Divestitures Amount.
“Material Adverse Amount ” shall mean $7,800,000,000.00.
“Material Contracts ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(o)(i).
“Material Licenses ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h).
“MHz POPs ” with respect to any FCC License shall mean the number of megahertz of wireless spectrum covered by such FCC Licenses
multiplied by the population in the geographic area covered by such FCC License, directly derived from the amounts set forth in Annex C.
“Monthly Financial Statements ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a)(vi).
“NYSE ” shall mean the New York Stock Exchange.
“Order ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b).
“Organizational Documents ” shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person’ s articles or certificate of association, incorporation,
formation or or ganization, by-laws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in
its currently ef fective form as amended from time to time.
“Owned Intellectual Property ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(n)(i).
“Owned Real Property ” shall mean all real property owned in fee by the Company and its Subsidiaries.
“Patents ” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of “Intellectual Property .”
“Permitted Encumbrances ” shall mean (i) Encumbrances specifically reflected or specifically reserved against or otherwise specifically
disclosed in the Financial Statements;
 
10
--- Page 15 ---
(ii) mechanics’, materialmen’ s, warehousemen’ s, carriers’, workers’  or repairmen’ s liens or other common law or statutory Encumbrances arising or
incurred in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and that are not material in amount or ef fect on the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries; (iii) liens for Taxes, assessments and other governmental char ges not yet due and payable or due but not delinquent or being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings; (iv) with respect to real property , (A) easements, quasi-easements, licenses, covenants, rights-of-way , rights of
re-entry or other similar restrictions, including any other agreements, conditions or restrictions that would be shown by a current title report or other
similar report or listing, (B) any conditions that may be shown by a current survey or physical inspection, and (C) zoning, building, subdivision or other
similar requirements or restrictions; and (v) Encumbrances that would not impair the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or
the use or value of the relevant asset.
“Person ” shall mean any individual, corporation (including not-for -profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability company , joint
venture, estate, trust, association, or ganization, Governmental Entity or other entity of any kind or nature.
“Potential Sale Interest ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.20.
“Pre-Closing Period ” means any taxable period (or portions thereof) that, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, ends on
or before the Closing Date.
“Pre-Closing Taxes” means any Taxes imposed on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to a Pre-Closing Period. In the case
of any taxable period that, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, includes but does not end on the Closing Date, (i) property Taxes of
the Company and its Subsidiaries allocable to the Pre-Closing Period shall be equal to the amount of such property Taxes for the entire taxable period
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days during the Pre-Closing Period and the denominator of which is the
number of calendar days in the entire taxable period, and (ii) Taxes (other than property Taxes) of the Company and its Subsidiaries allocable to the
Pre-Closing Period shall be computed as if such taxable period ended as of the end of the day on the Closing Date; provided , that exemptions,
allowances or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis shall be allocated to the Pre-Closing Period in the same proportion as the number of
calendar days during the Pre-Closing Period bears to the number of calendar days in the entire taxable period.
“PUCs ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(d)(i).
“Purchase Price ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).
“Purchaser ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
“Purchaser Cap ” shall have the meaning set forth in this Section 6.4(b).
“Purchaser Common Stock ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).
 
11
--- Page 16 ---
“Purchaser Disclosure Letter ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.
“Purchaser Indemnitees ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(a).
“Purchaser Material Adverse Ef fect” shall mean (i) an ef fect that would prevent or materially delay the ability of Purchaser to consummate
the Transaction or (ii) a material adverse ef fect on the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations of Purchaser
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any such ef fect to the extent resulting from (A) changes or conditions (including political or legal
conditions) generally af fecting (x) the United States or global economy or financial, debt, credit or securities markets or (y) any industry in which
Purchaser or its Subsidiaries operate; (B) declared or undeclared acts of war , terrorism, outbreaks or escalations of hostilities, sabotage or civil strife;
(C) weather -related conditions; (D) any change in GAAP  or applicable Laws or regulatory or enforcement developments except to the extent such
change disproportionately af fects Purchaser relative to other companies in the U.S. mobile wireless voice and data industry; (E) the failure by
Purchaser to meet any estimates of revenues or earnings for any period ending on or after the date hereof; provided , that the exception in this clause (E)
shall not prevent or otherwise af fect a determination that any change, ef fect, circumstance or development underlying such decline has resulted in or
contributed to a Purchaser Material Adverse Ef fect; or (F) a decline in the price of Purchaser Common Stock on the NYSE; provided , that the
exception in this clause (F) shall not prevent or otherwise af fect a determination that any change, ef fect, circumstance or development underlying such
decline has resulted in or contributed to a Purchaser Material Adverse Ef fect. Any determination of “Purchaser Material Adverse Ef fect” shall exclude
the ef fects of (i) the matters disclosed in the Purchaser Disclosure Letter or the Purchaser SEC Reports and (ii) the ef fects of any restrictions,
limitations or conditions that by the terms of this Agreement are taken into account in determining the existence of a Regulatory Material Adverse
Condition.
“Purchaser Preferred Stock ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b)(i).
“Purchaser SEC Reports ” shall mean such reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Purchaser
under the Exchange Act or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder , including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
thereof, since January 1, 2009 (including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein).
“Purchaser Shares ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).
“Purchaser Welfare Plan ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(b).
“Registered ” means issued by , registered with, renewed by , or the subject of, a pending application before any Governmental Entity or
Internet domain name registrar .
“Regulatory Material Adverse Condition ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(b).
 
12
--- Page 17 ---
“Required Governmental Consents ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).
“Resolution Period ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(d).
“Sarbanes-Oxley Act” shall mean the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
“SEC” shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
“Second Tier Divested Spectrum Amount ” shall mean, for each Spectrum Divestiture, (i) if the total number of MHz POPs to be divested
in all Spectrum Divestitures is less than or equal to 2.5 billion, $0, or (ii) if the total number of MHz POPs to be divested in all Spectrum Divestitures is
greater than 2.5 billion, an amount equal to the product of (A) the number of MHz POPs to be divested in such Spectrum Divestiture, (B) the
corresponding dollar value per MHz POP  for the applicable CMA  of the divested MHz POPs as set forth in Column 3 of Annex B, and (C) an amount
equal to (x) 1.0 minus  (y) the First Tier Divestiture Ratio.
“Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“Seller ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
“Seller Cap ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(a)(i).
“Seller Disclosure Letter ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.
“Seller Indemnitees ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(b).
“Software ” shall mean computer software, programs and databases in any form, including Internet web sites, web site content, member or
user lists and information associated therewith, links, source code, object code, binary code, operating systems and specifications, data, databases,
database management code, libraries, scripts, utilities, graphical user interfaces, menus, images, icons, forms, methods of processing, software engines,
platforms and data formats, all versions, updates, corrections, enhancements, and modifications thereto, and all related documentation, developer notes,
comments and annotations.
“Specified Deductible ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(a)(iii).
“Spectrum Divestiture ” shall mean the sale, transfer or other divestiture of FCC Licenses for wireless spectrum required by , or agreed to
with, any Governmental Entity in connection with obtaining a Governmental Consent, but shall not include any FCC Licenses included in any Market
Divestiture (or in any Market that is subject to a Market Divestiture).
“Spectrum Divestiture Proceeds Percentage ” shall mean the percentage equal to the product of (i) the Market Divestiture Proceeds
Percentage (expressed as a decimal) and (ii) an amount equal to (A) 1.0 minus  (B) the First Tier Divestiture Ratio.
 
13
--- Page 18 ---
“Spending Deficiency ” shall mean an amount equal to the sum of (i) an amount (if positive) equal to (A) the product of the number of full
months elapsed from the date hereof through the Closing and $215,000,000.00, plus (B) the product of the number of days in any partial month
between the date hereof and the day prior to the Closing, divided  by 30.5 (which amount may not be greater than 2), multiplied  by $215,000,000.00,
minus  (C) the amount of capital expenditures made by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the period between the date hereof and the Closing, plus
(ii) an amount (if positive) equal to (A) the product of the number of full months elapsed from the date hereof through the Closing and
$460,000,000.00, plus (B) the product of the number of days in any partial month between the date hereof and the day prior to the Closing, divided  by
30.5 (which amount may not be greater than 2), multiplied  by $460,000,000.00, minus  (C) the amount of expenditures made by the Company and its
Subsidiaries on marketing and customer care activities in the period between the date hereof and the Closing.
“State Licenses ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h)(ii).
“Stockholder ’s Agreement ” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
“Subscriber ” shall mean a mobile telephone number maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and assigned to an end user of
the Company’ s and its Subsidiaries’  mobile wireless voice or data services that is paying the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for such service.
“Subscriber List ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.31(a).
“Subscriber List Dispute Notice ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.31(b).
“Subsidiary ” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any entity , whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) voting power to elect
a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such other Person is held by the first mentioned Person and/or
by any one or more of its Subsidiaries or (ii) at least 50% of the Equity Interests of such other Person is, directly or indirectly , owned or Controlled by
such first mentioned Person and/or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries; provided , that for purposes of this Agreement, Cook Inlet/VS GSM VII PCS
Holdings, LLC shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary of the Company .
“Tax” (including, with correlative meaning, the terms “ Taxes” and “ Taxable ”) shall mean all U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S.
income, profits, franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs duty , capital stock, severances, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment,
disability , use, property , withholding, excise, production, value added, occupancy and other taxes, duties or assessments of any nature whatsoever ,
together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts and any interest in respect of such penalties and additions.
 
14
--- Page 19 ---
“Taxing Authority ” means a Governmental Entity or any subdivision, agency , commission or authority thereof or any quasi-governmental
or private body having jurisdiction over the assessment, determination, collection or imposition of any Tax (including the IRS).
“Tax Return ” shall mean all returns and reports (including elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules, estimates, and information
returns) required to be supplied to a Taxing Authority relating to Taxes.
“Termination Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.
“Termination Transfer ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(b).
“Third-Party Claim ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).
“Third-Party Claim Notice ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).
“Threshold ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(a).
“Trade Secret ” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of “Intellectual Property .”
“Trademarks ” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of “Intellectual Property .”
“Transaction ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.
“Transfer Taxes” shall mean any and all transfer Taxes (excluding Taxes measured in whole or in part by net income or gain), including
sales, use, excise, stock, stamp, documentary , filing, real estate transfer , recording, permit, license, authorization and similar Taxes.
“Transition Period ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.21.
“Unresolved Items ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(e).
1.2. Other Definitional Provisions . Unless the express context otherwise requires:
(a) the words “hereof”, “herein”, and “hereunder” and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;
(b) the terms defined in the singular have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa;
(c) any references herein to “Dollars” and “$” are to United States Dollars;
 
15
--- Page 20 ---
(d) any references herein to a specific Section, Schedule, Annex or Exhibit shall refer , respectively , to Sections, Schedules, Annexes or
Exhibits of this Agreement;
(e) wherever the word “include,” “includes,” or “including” is used in this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be followed by the words
“without limitation”; and
(f) references herein to any gender includes each other gender .
ARTICLE II
Purchase and Sale; Closing
2.1. Purchase and Sale . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller will cause Holding to sell,
convey , assign, transfer and deliver to Purchaser , free and clear of all Encumbrances, and Purchaser will purchase, acquire and accept from Holding, all
of Holding’ s right, title and interest in and to the Company Shares (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of the Cash Consideration and
issuance of the Purchaser Shares to Seller , the “ Transaction ”).
2.2. Payment at Closing . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, Purchaser shall:
(a) pay to Seller an amount in cash equal to $25,000,000,000.00 (the “ Cash Consideration ”);
(b) issue and deliver to Seller a number of shares of Purchaser ’s Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the “ Purchaser Common
Stock ”), which may be represented by one or more certificates or may be uncertificated, at Purchaser ’s election, equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (i) $14,000,000,000.00, plus (A) an amount (positive or negative) equal to the Estimated Closing Free Cash Flow Adjustment Amount, minus
(B) the Estimated Closing Dischar ged Indebtedness, minus  (C) the Estimated Divestiture Adjustment Amount, by (ii) the Average Adjusted Closing
Price (the “ Purchaser Shares ,” and, together with the Cash Consideration, the “ Purchase Price ”); provided , that in the event of any dividend or
distribution (other than Purchaser ’s customary cash dividend permitted by Section 4.17(a)), stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
reorganization, reclassification, mer ger, combination, recapitalization, or other like change with respect to or af fecting shares of Purchaser Common
Stock (or in respect of which a record date or ef fective date, as applicable, has been declared and passed), and including any stock repurchase or
redemption ef fected on a substantially pro rata basis or in which the majority of Purchaser ’s stockholders participate, prior to the Closing which af fects
the number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock Seller should equitably receive, such number of Purchaser Shares shall be equitably adjusted to the
extent necessary to provide the parties the same economic ef fect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such transaction or declaration; and
provided , further , that any payment hereunder to be made in the form of shares of Purchaser Common Stock shall be made only in whole shares, and
any fractional shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share.
 
16
--- Page 21 ---
(c) At least 15 Business Days prior to the Closing, Purchaser may elect, by delivery of written notice to Purchaser , to increase the Cash
Consideration by up to $4,200,000,000.00 and decrease the number of Purchaser Shares (a “ Cash Election ”). If Purchaser makes a Cash Election, the
number of Purchaser Shares shall be decreased by an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the additional cash being paid as Cash
Consideration by (ii) the Average Trading Price; provided , that in no event shall the Cash Election result in a number of Purchaser Shares being issued
in the Transaction being less than 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Purchaser Common Stock as of the Closing (after giving ef fect to the
shares of Purchaser Common Stock issued in the Transaction).
2.3. Purchase Price Adjustment .
(a) Statement of Adjustment .
(i) At least four Business Days prior to the expected Closing Date (and in any event not more than 10 Business Days prior to the
actual Closing Date), Seller shall prepare and deliver to Purchaser a statement (the “ Estimated Seller Closing Statement ”) consisting of a
calculation in reasonable detail of the estimated Free Cash Flow Adjustment Amount (the “ Estimated Closing Free Cash Flow Adjustment
Amount ”) and the estimated amount as of the Closing of Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries of a type included in the line items set
forth on Schedule 2.3(a)(II) of the Seller Disclosure Letter (such Indebtedness as of the Closing Date, the “ Closing Dischar ged Indebtedness ,”
and such estimated Closing Dischar ged Indebtedness, the “ Estimated Closing Dischar ged Indebtedness ”). The Estimated Seller Closing
Statement shall be prepared in good faith and in accordance with the accounting principles, practices and methodologies used in the Financial
Statements (the “ Applicable Accounting Principles ”) and using the line items set forth on Schedule 2.3(a)(I) and (II) of the Seller Disclosure
Letter . Purchaser shall have the right to object to the amounts contained in the Estimated Seller Closing Statement within two Business Days
after the delivery of the Estimated Seller Closing Statement to Purchaser . Seller shall in good faith consider the objections, if any , of Purchaser to
the Estimated Seller Closing Statement and, if Purchaser has made any objections, will re-issue an Estimated Seller Closing Statement containing
th