--- Page 1 ---
EX-10.8 5 d312438dex108.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.8
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Asterisks denote omissions.
Execution V ersion
  
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Dated as of December 1 1, 2009
between
PFIZER, INC.
and
DURA TA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
  
--- Page 2 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
 
       Page  
1.  DEFINITIONS; CER TAIN RULES OF CONSTRUCTION    1  
2.  PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES    12  
 2.1.       Purchase and Sale of Shares    12  
 2.2.       Purchase Price    12  
 2.3.       The Closing    13  
 2.4.       Closing Deliveries    13  
 2.5.       Milestone Payment    13  
 2.6.       FDA  Confirmatory Milestone    14  
3.  REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE COMP ANY  BY THE SELLER    16  
 3.1.       Or ganization, Qualification; Subsidiaries    16  
 3.2.       Capital Structure    17  
 3.3.       Power and Authorization    17  
 3.4.       Noncontravention    17  
 3.5.       Litigation    18  
 3.6.       Intellectual Property    18  
 3.7.       Regulatory Compliance    19  
 3.8.       Company Contracts    20  
 3.9.       Employees and Consultants    21  
 3.10.     Real Property    22  
 3.11.     Environmental Matters    22  
 3.12.     No Brokers    22  
 3.13.     Taxes    22  
 3.14.     Insurance    24  
 3.15.     Governmental Authorizations    24  
 3.16.     Books and Records    24  
 3.17.     Asset and Liability Statement    24  
 3.18.     No Undisclosed Liabilities    25  
 3.19.     Compliance with Legal Requirements    25  
 
- i -
--- Page 3 ---
 3.20.     Seller ’s Knowledge    25  
 3.21.     Residual Assets    25  
 3.22.     No Other Representations or Warranties    25  
4.  REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SELLER BY  THE SELLER    26  
 4.1.       Or ganization    26  
 4.2.       Power and Authorization    26  
 4.3.       Authorization of Governmental Authorities    26  
 4.4.       Noncontravention    26  
 4.5.       Shares    27  
 4.6.       No Brokers    27  
 4.7.       Indemnification    27  
 4.8.       Other Contractual Obligations    27  
 4.9.       RaQualia Agreement    27  
 4.10.     Competing Products    28  
 4.11.     Inventory    28  
5.  REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER    28  
 5.1.       Or ganization    28  
 5.2.       Power and Authorization    28  
 5.3.       Authorization of Governmental Authorities    28  
 5.4.       Noncontravention    29  
 5.5.       Investment Experience; Investigation; Reliance    29  
 5.6.       No Brokers    30  
 5.7.       Budget    30  
 5.8.       Corporate Status    30  
 5.9.       No Other Representations or Warranties    30  
6.  COVENANTS    30  
 6.1.       Closing    30  
 6.2.       Conduct of Business    31  
 6.3.       Buyer ’s Access to Premises    32  
 6.4.       Notice of Developments    33  
 6.5.       Expenses    33  
 
- ii -
--- Page 4 ---
 6.6.       Exclusivity    33  
 6.7.       Notices and Consents    34  
 6.8.       FDA  Confirmatory Milestone    34  
 6.9.       Diligence    34  
 6.10.     Confidentiality    34  
 6.11.     Publicity    36  
 6.12.     Further Assurances    36  
 6.13.     Buyers Non-T ransitory Corporation Covenant    37  
 6.14.     Listed Transactions    37  
 6.15.     Payment of Indebtedness    37  
7.  CONDITIONS TO THE BUYERS OBLIGA TIONS AT THE CLOSING    37  
 7.1.       Representations and Warranties    37  
 7.2.       Performance    37  
 7.3.       Stock Certificates    38  
 7.4.       Compliance Certificate    38  
 7.5.       Qualifications    38  
 7.6.       Absence of Litigation    38  
 7.7.       Ancillary Agreements    38  
 7.8.       Excluded Assets; Excluded Liabilities    38  
8.  CONDITIONS TO THE SELLER’S OBLIGA TIONS AT THE CLOSING    38  
 8.1.       Representations and Warranties    38  
 8.2.       Performance    39  
 8.3.       Compliance Certificate    39  
 8.4.       Qualifications    39  
 8.5.       Absence of Litigation    39  
 8.6.       Ancillary Agreements    39  
 8.7.       Excluded Assets    39  
9.  TERMINA TION    39  
 9.1.       Termination of Agreement    39  
 9.2.       Ef fect of Termination    40  
 
- iii -
--- Page 5 ---
10.  INDEMNIFICA TION    40  
 10.1.     Indemnification by the Seller    40  
 10.2.     Indemnity by the Buyer    42  
 10.3.     Time for Claims    43  
 10.4.     Third Party Claims    44  
 10.5.     Other Limitations    45  
 10.6.     Remedies Cumulative    46  
 10.7.     Knowledge and Investigation    46  
 10.8.     No Right of Set-Of f    46  
 10.9.     Exclusive Remedy    46  
11.  TAX MA TTERS    47  
 11.1.     Tax Indemnification    47  
 11.2.     Straddle Period    47  
 11.3.     Tax Sharing Agreements    47  
 11.4.     Certain Taxes and Fees    47  
 11.5.     Cooperation on Tax Matters    48  
 11.6.     Tax Contests    48  
 11.7.     Tax Returns    48  
 11.8.     Other    49  
12.  MISCELLANEOUS    49  
 12.1.     Notices    49  
 12.2.     Succession and Assignment; No Third-Party Beneficiary    50  
 12.3.     Amendments and Waivers    51  
 12.4.     Entire Agreement    51  
 12.5.     Exhibits; Listed Documents, etc    51  
 12.6.     Counterparts    51  
 12.7.     Severability    51  
 12.8.     Headings    51  
 12.9.     Construction    52  
 12.10.  Governing Law    52  
 12.11.  Dispute Resolution    52  
 12.12.  Jurisdiction; Venue; Service of Process    53  
 
- iv -
--- Page 6 ---
EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit 1(a)   Excluded Assets
Exhibit 1(b)   Excluded Liabilities
Exhibit 1(c)   Included Assets
Exhibit 1(d)   Included Liabilities
Exhibit 1(e)   Inventory Transfer Agreement
Exhibit 1(f)   Pleuromutilin Structure
Exhibit 1(g)   RaQualia Assignment Agreement
Exhibit 1(h)   Reverse TSA Assignment Agreement
Exhibit 1(i)   Knowledge
Exhibit 1(j)   Transition Services Agreement
Exhibit 2.5.1   Form of Promissory Note
Exhibit 5.7   Buyer ’s Development and Commercialization Budget for the Product
Exhibit 6.2.1(f)   Company Contract Modifications
Exhibit 7.4   Form of Seller ’s Compliance Certificate
Exhibit 8.3   Form of Buyer ’s Compliance Certificate
SCHEDULES   
Schedule 1(a)   Lincosamide Patents
Schedule 3   Seller ’s Disclosure Schedules
Schedule 4.3   Authorization of Government Authorities
Schedule 4.4   Noncontravention
Schedule 4.1 1   Inventory Specifications
Schedule 5.3   Authorization of Government Authorities
Schedule 5.4   Noncontravention
 
- v -
--- Page 7 ---
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
THIS ST OCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT , dated as of December 1 1, 2009 (the “ Execution Date ”), is by and between (i) Durata Therapeutics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Buyer ”) and, (ii) Pfizer , Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Seller ”) (the “ Agreement ”).
THE P ARTIES ENTER INT O THIS AGREEMENT  ON THE BASIS OF THE FOLLOWING F ACTS, INTENTIONS AND
UNDERST ANDINGS:
A. The Seller is the sole record and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock (the “ Shares ”) of Vicuron Pharmaceuticals
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Seller (the “ Company ”).
B. The Company has, prior to the Execution Date, advised Buyer that (i) the Company has assigned, sold, distributed or otherwise transferred all
of the Excluded Assets (as defined below) to the Seller , its Affiliates, its subsidiaries or third parties (or will do so prior to the Closing Date), and
(ii) the Seller , its Affiliates, its subsidiaries or third parties have acquired all right, title and interest in and to all of the Excluded Liabilities (as defined
below) related thereto (or will do so prior to the Closing Date).
C. The Buyer desires to purchase from the Seller , and the Seller desires to sell to the Buyer , all of the Shares for the consideration, and upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth, in this Agreement.
NOW  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties,
and covenants herein contained, the Buyer and the Seller hereby agree as follows.
1. DEFINITIONS; CER TAIN RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Action ” means any claim, action, cause of action or suit (whether in contract or tort or otherwise), litigation (whether at law or in equity ,
whether civil or criminal), controversy , assessment, arbitration, investigation, hearing, char ge, complaint, demand, notice, whistle-blowing action or
proceeding to, from, by or before any Governmental Authority or any Regulatory Authority .
“Affiliate ” means any entity directly or indirectly controlled by , controlling, able to control, or under common control with, a specified Person,
but only for so long as such control shall continue. For purposes of this definition, “control” (including, with correlative meanings, “controlled by”,
“controlling” and “under common control with”) means possession, direct or indirect, of (a) the power to direct or cause direction of the management
and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at
least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly or pursuant to any option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity
interests of such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) neither of the parties to this Agreement shall be deemed to be an “Af filiate” of the other solely
as a result of their entering into this Agreement, and (ii)
 
-1-
--- Page 8 ---
each stockholder of the Buyer on the Execution Date (“ Buyer ’s Original Affiliates ”) shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Buyer so long as it owns
beneficially not less than 10% of the voting securities of the Buyer .
“Agreement ” is defined in the Preamble.
“Ancillary Agreements ” means (i) the certificates delivered pursuant to Sections 7.4 and 8.3, (ii) the Transition Services Agreement, the
(iii) RaQualia Assignment Agreement, (iv) the Inventory Transfer Agreement, (v) the Reverse TSA Assignment Agreement, and (vi) the Promissory
Note.
“Anidulafungin ”, also known as ERAXIS or ECAL TA, means any finished or semi-finished good containing the compound having the chemical
name 1-[(4R, 5R)-4,5 Dihydroxy-N2-[[4”-pentyloxy)[1,1’:4’,1”-terphenyl]-4-yl]carbonyl]-L-ornithine]echinocandin B (including any analogs,
stereoisomers and mixtures thereof (such as racemates), radiosomers, metabolites, salts, solvates and polymorphs and prodrugs thereof) and all dosage
strength and sizes thereof, together with all expansions and improvements thereon.
“Asset and Liability Statement ” is defined in Section 3.17 .
“Biosearch Manufacturing ” means Biosearch Manufacturing Srl., an Italian limited liability company .
“Bona Fide Transaction ” means an arms-length disposition transaction to a bona fide third party that is not an Affiliate of more than two of the
Buyer ’s Original Affiliates.
“Budget ” means the Buyer ’s budget for securing Market Approval from the FDA  in the U.S. for the Product in cSSS1 in adults (including the
Upfront Consideration) that is established in good faith by the Buyer , an initial draft of which has been delivered to the Seller prior to the Execution
Date in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 5.7 , as such budget may from time to time be amended or modified by the Buyer in accordance with and
subject to the provisions of Section 5.7 .
“Business Day ” means any weekend other than a weekend on which banks in New York City are authorized or required to be closed.
“Buyer ” is defined in the Preamble.
“Buyer Indemnified Person ” is defined in Section 10.1.1.
“Buyer ’s Original Affiliates ” is defined in the definition of Affiliates.
“Buyout Period ” is defined in Section 2.5.2.
“CERCLA ” is defined in Section 3.1 1.2.
“Change of Control ,” with respect to the Buyer , means an event in which: (A) any other Person or group of Persons acting in concert (other than
a Parent Entity of the Buyer or Buyer ’s
 
-2-
--- Page 9 ---
Original Affiliates) acquires beneficial ownership of securities of the Buyer representing more than 50% of the voting power of the then outstanding
securities of the Buyer with respect to the election of directors of the Buyer; (B) the Buyer enters into a mer ger, consolidation, scheme of arrangement
or similar transaction with another Person, unless (i) the members of the Board of Directors of the Buyer immediately prior to such transaction
constitute more than 50% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Buyer (or a Parent Entity of the Buyer) immediately following such
transaction, and (ii) the Persons who beneficially owned the outstanding voting securities of the Buyer immediately prior to such transaction
beneficially own securities of the Buyer representing at least 50% of the voting power with respect to the election of directors of the Buyer immediately
following such transaction, or a Parent Entity of the Buyer beneficially owns securities of the Buyer representing 100% of the voting power with
respect to the election of directors of the Buyer immediately following such transaction; or (C) the Buyer sells to any Person(s), in one or more related
transactions, a majority of the property and assets of the Buyer . For purposes of this definition, a “ Parent Entity ” of the Buyer means any Person that
acquires directly or indirectly , by mer ger or otherwise, the capital stock of the Buyer if the holders of securities that represented 100% of the voting
power with respect to the election of directors (“ Voting Stock ”) of the Buyer immediately prior to such acquisition directly own 100% of the Voting
Stock of the Parent Entity immediately after such acquisition and in the exact same percentages as they owned Voting Stock in the Buyer immediately
prior to such acquisition.
“Closing ” is defined in Section 2.3 .
“Closing Date ” means December 18, 2009, or such later date on which Closing actually occurs as the parties mutually agree in writing in
accordance with Section 2.3 .
“Code ” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
“Commercially Reasonable ” is defined in Section 6.9.
“Company ” is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement.
“Company Acquisition Date ” means September 14, 2005 (the date that the Company was acquired by the Seller).
“Company Contracts ” is defined in Section 3.8.1.
“Company Patents ” is defined in Section 3.6.1.
“Company Trademarks ” is defined in Section 3.6.2.
“Confidential Information ” is defined in Section 6.10.1.
“Confidentiality Agreements ” is defined in Section 6.10.2.
“Consent ” means any approval, consent, ratification, waiver , license, permit or other authorization (including any Governmental Authorization).
 
-3-
--- Page 10 ---
“Contemplated Transactions ” means, collectively , the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including (a) the sale and purchase of the
Shares, and (b) the execution, delivery and performance of the Ancillary Agreements.
“Contractual Obligation ” means, with respect to any Person, any contract, agreement, deed, mortgage, lease, license, commitment, promise,
undertaking, arrangement or understanding, whether written or oral and whether express or implied, or other document or instrument (including any
document or instrument evidencing or otherwise relating to any Debt) to which or by which such Person is a party or otherwise subject or bound or to
which or by which any property , business, operation or right of such Person is subject or bound.
“cSSSI ” means any indication for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections.
“Debt ” means, with respect to any Person, all obligations (including all obligations in respect of principal, accrued interest, penalties, fees and
premiums) of such Person (a) for borrowed money (including overdraft facilities), (b) evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar Contractual
Obligations, (c) for the deferred purchase price of property , goods or services (other than trade payables or accruals incurred in the Ordinary Course of
Business), (d) under capital leases (in accordance with GAAP), (e) in respect of letters of credit and bankers’  acceptances, (f) for Contractual
Obligations relating to interest rate protection, swap agreements and collar agreements, and (g) in the nature of Guarantees of the obligations described
in clauses (a) through (f) above of any other Person.
“Disclosing Party ” is defined in Section 6.10.1.
“Disclosure Schedule ” is defined in Section 3.
“Encumbrance ” means any change, claim, community or other marital property interest, condition, equitable interest, lien, license, option,
pledge, security interest, mortgage, right of way , easement, encroachment, servitude, right of first of fer or first refusal, buy/sell agreement and any
other restriction or covenant with respect to, or condition governing the use, construction, voting (in the case of any security or equity interest),
transfer , receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership).
“Enforceable ” means, with respect to any Contractual Obligation stated to be Enforceable by or against any Person, that such Contractual
Obligations is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable by or against such Person in accordance with its terms, except to the
extent that enforcement of the rights and remedies created thereby is subject to bankruptcy , insolvency , reor ganization, moratorium and other similar
laws of general application af fecting the rights and remedies of creditors and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
“Environmental Laws ” means any applicable Federal, state or local Legal Requirements, in each case as amended and in ef fect in the jurisdiction
in which the applicable site or premises are located, pertaining to the protection of human health, safety or the environment, including without
limitation, the following statutes and all regulations promulgated thereunder . CERCLA; the Emer gency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act,
42 U.S.C. § 1 1001 et seq.; the
 
-4-
--- Page 11 ---
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. § 1251 et seq.; the Federal
Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. § 7401 et seq.; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. § 136 et seq.; the Toxic Substance Control
Act, 15 U.S.C. § 2601 et seq.; the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. § 2701 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, 49
U.S.C. § 1801 et seq.; the Atomic Ener gy Act, 42 U.S.C. § 2014 et seq.; any state or local statute or similar ef fect; and any Laws relating to protection
of the environment which regulate the management or disposal of biological agents or substances including medical or infectious wastes.
“Excluded Assets ” means (i) all interest in, and assets held by , the Italian branch of the Company , (ii) all direct or indirect equity or other
interests in Biosearch Manufacturing and Vicuron Pharmaceuticals Italy , (iii) the assets related to the Anidulafungin  franchise, including the assets set
forth on Exhibit 1(a)  attached hereto, (iv) the manufacturing plant and real estate assets of the Company including real estate relating to Vicuron
Pharmaceuticals Italy , Biosearch Manufacturing, the Pisticci Plant, and the Geranzano Research Center and any other assets not directly relating to the
Product or the Residual Assets For the avoidance of doubt the Excluded Assets shall not include the Included Assets
“Excluded Liabilities ” means all Liabilities relating directly or indirectly to the Excluded Assets (including any environmental liabilities arising
out of any Environmental Laws and any foreign equivalents thereof) or Hazardous Materials (including those treated as such under foreign equivalents
of Environmental Laws) relating to Vicuron Pharmaceuticals Italy , Biosearch Manufacturing, the Pisticci Plant or the Geranzano Research Center , and
those Liabilities set forth on Exhibit 1(b).
“Execution Date ” is defined in the Preamble.
“FDA ” means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration of the United States Department of Health and Human Services or any successor agency
thereof.
“FDA  Confirmatory Milestone ” means an FDA  Response which specifically confirms or indicates from Type Meeting or other Formal FDA
Meeting that Marketing Approval in the U.S. for the Product in cSSSI in adults shall require evidence from Study 8 and/or Study 9 only or no more
than one additional successful Phase III Trial (appropriately powered and designed in addition to Study 8 and Study 9).
“FDA  Milestone Period ” is defined in Section 2.6.1.
“FDA  Response ” means the FDA ’s final written minutes of Formal FDA  Meeting Special Protocol Assessment Letter , or any other written
correspondence from the FDA  following Formal FDA  Meeting that addresses the number and type of additional successful Phase III Trials required to
receive Marketing Approval in the U.S. for the Product in cSSSI in adults.
“FDACM Notice ” is defined in Section 2.6.1.
“FDCA ” is defined in Section 3.7.1.
 
-5-
--- Page 12 ---
“Final Termination Date ” is defined in Section 9.1(b).
“First Commercial Sale ” means, with respect to the Product, the first commercial sale of the Product (i) in the United States after Marketing
Approval has been granted for the Product in cSSSI in adults in the United States or (ii) in any of the United Kingdom, Germany , Italy , Spain, or
France after (a) Marketing Approval has been granted by the European Medicines Agency or (b) Marketing Approval has been granted by Regulatory
Authority in any three of the following five countries: United Kingdom, Germany , Italy , Spain, and France in each of (a) and (b), for the Product in
cSSSI in adults in the applicable foregoing country .
“First Commercial Sale Date ” is defined in Section 2.5.1
“Formal FDA  Meeting ” means Type A, Type B or Type C meeting as described in the FDA  Guidance for Industry , “Formal Meetings Between
the FDA  and Sponsors or Applicants” (Revision 1, May 2009) at which the number and type of additional successful Phase III Trials required to
receive Marketing Approval in the U.S. for the Product in cSSSI in adults is discussed.
“Fundamental Representations and Warranties ” is defined in Section 10.1.2 .
“GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in ef fect from time to time.
“Geranzano Research Center ” means the research center located in Via Lepetit 34, 21040 Gerenzano VA, Italy .
“Government Order ” means any order , writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, ruling, determination or award entered by or with any
Governmental Authority .
“Governmental Authorization ” means any Consent issued, granted, given or otherwise made available by or under the authority of any
Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Legal Requirement.
“Governmental Authority ” means any United States federal, state or local or any foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any
multinational or ganization or authority or any authority agency or commission, in each case, entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial,
legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power any court or tribunal (or any department bureau or division thereof), or any arbitrator or
arbitral body .
“Guarantee ” means with respect to any Person, (a) any guarantee of the payment or performance of, or any contingent obligation in respect of,
any Debt or other Liability of any other Person, (b) any other arrangement whereby credit is extended to any obligor (other than such Person) on the
basis of any promise or undertaking of such Person (i) to pay the Debt or other Liability of such obligor , (ii) to purchase any obligation owed by such
obligor , (iii) to purchase or lease assets under circumstances that are designed to enable such obligor to dischar ge one or more of its obligations, or
(iv) to maintain the capital, working capital, solvency or general financial condition of such obligor , and (c) any Liability as general partner of
partnership or as venturer in joint venture in respect of Debt or other obligations of such partnership or venture.
 
-6-
--- Page 13 ---
“Hazardous Materials ” means (a) any chemicals materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous substances,”
“hazardous wastes,” “hazardous materials,” “chemical substances,” “toxic substances,” “toxic pollutants,” “pollutants,” “contaminants,” “pesticides,”
or “oil” as defined in any applicable Environmental Law or (b) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, radon and any other substance defined or designated as hazardous toxic or
harmful to human health safety or the environment under any Environmental Law .
“Included Assets ” means those assets of the Company relating directly to the Product including those assets described on Exhibit 1(c)  attached
hereto For the avoidance of doubt, the Included Assets shall not include the Excluded Assets.
“Included Liabilities ” means all Liabilities set forth on Exhibit 1(d)  and all other Liabilities relating directly to the Included Assets other than
(i) any Liabilities arising out of breach of or inaccuracy in any of Sellers representations and warranties in Sections 3  and 4 of this Agreement or in any
Ancillary Agreement and (ii) all Excluded Liabilities for which the Seller has agreed to indemnify the Buyer under Section 10.1.1(d) . For the avoidance
of doubt, the Included Liabilities shall not include the Excluded Liabilities.
“Indemnified Party ” means, with respect to any Indemnity Claim, the party asserting such claim under Section 10.1  or 10.2, as applicable.
“Indemnifying Party ” means, with respect to any Indemnity Claim, the Buyer or the Seller under Section 10.1  or 10.2, as applicable, against
whom such claim is asserted.
“Indemnity Cap ” is defined in Section 10.1.2(a) .
“Indemnity Claim ” means claim for indemnity under Section 10.1  or 10.2, as applicable.
“Inventory Transfer Agreement ” means that certain Inventory Transfer Agreement by and among Pfizer Overseas LLC and the Buyer , to be
executed on or before the Closing Date, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1(e) .
“Knowledge ” is defined in the definition of Seller ’s Knowledge.
“Legal Requirement ” means any United States federal, state or local or foreign law , statute, standard, ordinance, code, rule, act, regulation
resolution or promulgation, or any Government Order , or any license franchise permit or similar right granted under any of the foregoing, or any
similar provision having the force or ef fect of law .
“Liability ” means, with respect to any Person, any liability or obligation of such Person whether known or unknown whether asserted or
unasserted, whether determined, determinable or otherwise, whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued whether liquidated or
unliquidated whether incurred or consequential whether due or to become due and whether or not required under GAAP  to be accrued on the financial
statements of such Person.
 
-7-
--- Page 14 ---
“Licensed Patents ” is defined in Section 3.6.1 .
“Lincosamide Asset ” means the Patents identified on Schedule 1(a)  and all know-how , data and other intellectual property owned by the
Company as of the Execution Date that relate directly to the compounds described and disclosed in such Patents.
“Losses ” is defined in Section 10.1.1 .
“Market ” means any regulatory jurisdiction for which the Company obtains Marketing Approval for the Product, other than Japan, including, at
such time the Company obtains Marketing Approval for the Product in such countries the United States and all current and future member countries of
the European Union.
“Marketing Approval ” means, with respect to the Product in any regulatory jurisdiction and for any indication, the approval of all Regulatory
Authorities required to authorize the marketing of the Product in such jurisdiction for such indication.
“Material Adverse Ef fect” means, with respect to any Person, any development in, change in, or ef fect on, the business operations, assets,
condition or prospects (financial or otherwise) of such Person which, when considered either individually or in the aggregate, together with all other
adverse developments, changes, or ef fects with respect to which such phrase is used in this Agreement, is, or is reasonably likely to be, materially
adverse to the business, operations, assets (including in the case of the Company the Product) condition or prospects financial or otherwise of such
Person taken as whole.
“Milestone Buyout ” is defined in Section 2.5.2 .
“Milestone Payment ” is defined in Section 2.2 .
“Ordinary Course of Business ” means an action taken by any Person in the ordinary course of such Persons business which is consistent with the
past customs and practices of such Person (including past practice with respect to quantity , amount, magnitude and frequency standard employment and
payroll policies and past practice with respect to management of working capital and interactions with Regulatory Authorities) which is taken in the
ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of such Person.
“Organizational Documents ” means with respect to any Person (other than an individual), (a) the certificate or articles of incorporation or
organization and any joint venture, limited liability company , operating or partnership agreement and other similar documents adopted or filed in
connection with the creation, formation or or ganization of such Person and (b) all by-laws, voting agreements and similar documents instruments or
agreements relating to the or ganization or governance of such Person in each case as amended or supplemented.
“Owned Patents ” is defined in Section 3.6.1 .
 
-8-
--- Page 15 ---
“Parent Entity ” is defined in the definition of Change of Control.
“Patents ” means all patents and applications in any country or region (including PCT  filings and provisional applications), together with any and
all patents that have issued or in the future issue therefrom, including any and all divisional continuations, continuations-in-part, re-examination
certificates, substitutions, registrations, confirmations, extensions, supplementary protection certificates, confirmation patents, patents of additions,
certificates of invention, utility model and design patents, renewals, reissues of or relating to any of the aforesaid patents and/or patent applications, as
applicable.
“Permitted Encumbrance ” means (a) statutory liens for current Taxes, special assessments or other governmental char ges not yet due and payable
or the amount or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves have been established
in accordance with GAAP , (b) mechanics’, materialmen’ s, carriers’, workers’, repairers’, and similar statutory liens arising or incurred in the Ordinary
Course of Business which liens have not had and are not reasonably likely to have Material Adverse Ef fect on the Person subject to such liens,
(c) zoning, entitlement, building and other land use regulations imposed by Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over any real property which
are not violated in any material respect by the current use and operation of the real property , (d) deposits or pledges made in connection with, or to
secure payment of, workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pension programs mandated under applicable Legal Requirements or
other social security , (e) covenants, conditions, restrictions easements, encumbrances and other similar matters of record af fecting title to but not
adversely af fecting current occupancy or use of the real property in any material respect, and (f) restrictions on the transfer of securities arising under
federal and state securities Legal Requirements.
“Person ” means any individual or corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company , joint venture, joint stock or other company ,
business trust, trust, or ganization, Governmental Authority or other entity of any kind.
“Phase III Trial” means pivotal clinical study designed to establish the safety and ef fectiveness of drug product for its proposed intended use and
which if it successfully meets the protocol defined end-points and applicable statistical criteria, is intended to be submitted to Regulatory Authorities in
Market as part of an application for Marketing Approval.
“PHSA ” is defined in Section 3.7.1.
“Pisticci Plant ” means the manufacturing site located in Via Pomarico 75015 Pisticci Scalo (MT) Italy .
“Pleuromutilin Asset ” means all know-how , data, and other intellectual property owned by the Company as of the Execution Date that relates
directly to compounds of the polycyclic formula represented by the chemical structure set forth on Exhibit 1(f) .
“Post-Closing Tax Period ” means any Tax period other than Pre-Closing Tax Period.
“Pre-Closing Tax Period ” is defined in Section 1 1.1.
 
-9-
--- Page 16 ---
“Product Transfer ” is defined in Section 2.5.3 .
“Product ” means all pharmaceutical formulations and dosage forms of dalbavancin or any salt prodrug, hydrate, solvate, metabolite, or
polymorph form of dalbavancin.
“Promissory Note ” is defined in Section 2.5.1 .
“Purchase Price ” is defined in Section 2.2 .
“Qualified Successor ” is defined in Section 2.5.3 .
“RaQualia ” means RaQualia Pharma Inc.
“RaQualia Agreement ” means that certain Dalbavanein Marketing Rights Agreement by and between Pfizer Inc and RaQualia Pharma, Inc. dated
as of June 30, 2008 as amended.
“RaQualia Assignment Agreement ” means that certain agreement by and among the Seller and the Buyer , to be executed on or before the Closing
Date, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1(g) .
“Receiving Party ” is defined in Section 6.10.1 .
“Regulatory Authorities ” means the FDA  and comparable regulatory or Governmental Authorities in any Market in the world.
“Representative ” means with respect to any Person, any director , officer, employee, agent, consultant, advisor , or other representative of such
Person, including legal counsel accountants and financial advisors.
“Residual Assets ” means the Lincosamide Asset and the Pleuromutilin Asset.
“Reverse TSA Assignment Agreement ” means that certain Assignment Agreement by and between Pfizer Overseas LLC and the Buyer , to be
executed on or before the Closing Date, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1(h) .
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“Seller ” is defined in the Preamble.
“Seller Documentation ” is defined in Section 6.3 .
“Seller Indemnified Person ” is defined in Section 10.2.1 .
“Sellers Dispute Notice ” is defined in Section 2.6.5 .
“Seller ’s Knowledge ” or “ Knowledge ” means the actual knowledge of the individuals listed on Exhibit 1(i)  attached hereto which list includes
such individuals’  titles and operating responsibilities with respect to the Company or other relationship to the Company through which such individuals
would have acquired such actual knowledge.
 
-10-
--- Page 17 ---
“Seller Payment ” is defined in Section 2.6.1 .
“Shares ” is defined in the Recitals to this Agreement.
“Special Indemnity Cap ” is defined in Section 10 1.2(c) .
“Special Protocol Assessment ” means an FDA  review of, and written agreement with, a study sponsor regarding the proposed clinical protocols
for one or more Phase III Trials whose data will form the primary basis for an ef ficacy claim for drug product as further described in the FDA  Guidance
for Industry , Special Protocol Assessments (May 2002).
“Special Protocol Assessment Letter ” means written correspondence from the FDA  to study sponsor documenting the outcome of Special
Protocol Assessment.
“Stockholders And Subscription Agreement ” means that certain Stockholders And Subscription Agreement to be executed on or before the
Closing Date, by and among the Buyer and the investors party thereto. Neither the Company nor the Seller are parties to the Stockholders And
Subscription Agreement, have the right to rely thereon or are third-party beneficiaries thereof.
“Straddle Period ” is defined in Section 1 1.2.
“Study 8 ” means the Phase III Trial for the Product known as VER001-8.
“Study 9 ” means the Phase III Trial for the Product known as VER001-9.
“Tax” or “ Taxes” means (a) any and all federal, state, local, or foreign income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, ,excise, severance,
stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar
including FICA), unemployment, disability , real property , personal property , sales, use, transfer , registration, value added, alternative or add-on
minimum estimated or other tax of any kind or any char ge of any kind in the nature of (or similar) to taxes whatsoever , including any interest, penalty ,
or addition thereto, whether disputed or not, and any Liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (a)  of this definition as
result of being member of an af filiated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for any period as result of any tax sharing or tax allocation agreement,
arrangement or understanding, or as result of being liable for another Person’ s taxes as transferee or successor by contract or otherwise.
“Tax Return ” means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule
or attachment thereto and including any amendment thereof.
“Termination Date ” is defined in Section 9.1 .
“Third Party Claim ” is defined in Section 10.4.1 .
“Third Party Confidential Information ” is defined in Section 6.10.3 .
 
-11-
--- Page 18 ---
“Threshold Amount ” is defined in Section 10.1.2(a) .
“Total Project Cost ” means the good faith estimate of the Buyer ’s Board of Directors of the total cost (including the Upfront Consideration)
required to secure Marketing Approval from the FDA  in the U.S for the Product in cSSSI in adults, taking into account all information available to the
Buyer , including (i) the FDA  Response, (ii) Buyer ’s correspondence and filings with the FDA  after the Closing Date, (iii) any correspondence and
filings with the FDA  included in the Seller Documentation furnished to the Buyer pursuant to Section 6.3  of this Agreement, and (iv) any
correspondence and filings with the FDA  furnished to Buyer pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement.
“Transition Services Agreement ” means the transition services agreement to be executed on or before the Closing Date between the Buyer and
the Seller relating to (a) the transfer of certain Seller Documentation and other records, technology and materials relating to the Included Assets, and
(b) certain consulting services, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1(j) .
“Treasury Regulations ” means the regulations promulgated under the Code.
“Type A Meeting ” means meeting between study sponsor and the FDA  to discuss an otherwise stalled product development program, as
described in the FDA  Guidance for Industry , “Formal Meetings Between the FDA  and Sponsors or Applicants” (Revision 1, May 2009).
“Upfront Consideration ” is defined in Section 2.2 .
“Vicuron Pharmaceuticals Italy ” means Vicuron Pharmaceuticals Italy , Srl.
Except as otherwise explicitly specified in this Agreement to the contrary , (a) references to Section Article Exhibit or Schedule means Section or
Article of or Schedule or Exhibit to, this Agreement, unless another agreement is specified, (b) the word including shall be construed as “including
without limitation,” (c) references to a particular statute or regulation shall be construed to include all rules and regulations thereunder and any
predecessor or successor statute, rules or regulation, in each case as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, (d) words in the singular or
plural form shall include the plural and singular form, respectively , and (e) references to particular Person shall include such Persons successors and
assigns to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.
2. PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES.
2.1. Purchase and Sale of Shares . At the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Seller shall sell transfer and
deliver to the Buyer , and the Buyer shall purchase from the Seller , the Shares, including all of the Sellers right, title and interest in and to all of the
Shares.
2.2. Purchase Price . The aggregate consideration for the Shares shall be (a) Nine Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($9,750,000) paid to the Seller by the Buyer (the “ Upfront Consideration ”), plus subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
(including Section 2.5.2 ), the Seller ’s contingent right to receive final payment of Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) (the “ Milestone
Payment ”) from the Buyer , as more particularly set forth in Section 2.5  (collectively , the “ Purchase Price ”).
 
-12-
--- Page 19 ---
2.3. The Closing . The purchase and sale of the Shares (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at the of fices of Ropes Gray LLP  at 121 1 Avenue of
the Americas, New York, New York or at such other place as the Buyer and Seller may mutually agree in writing on the Closing Date. If on or prior to
December 18, 2009 the conditions set forth in Sections 7  and 8 and have not been satisfied or waived in writing by the Buyer or the Seller , as
applicable, subject to any rights of termination as set forth in Section 9 , the Closing shall take place on such other date, not later than the fifth Business
Day following the satisfaction of such conditions, as the Buyer and the Seller may mutually agree in writing. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 9 , the failure to consummate the purchase and sale of the Shares provided for in this Agreement on the date and time and at the place specified
herein shall not relieve any party to this Agreement of any obligations under this Agreement.
2.4. Closing Deliveries . The parties hereto shall take the actions set forth in this Section 2.4  at the Closing, in each case, subject to
satisfaction or written waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 7  and 8.
2.4.1. The Buyer shall deliver to the Seller the Upfront Consideration (by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds to the
account furnished to the Buyer by the Seller) against delivery to the Buyer of certificates evidencing the Shares duly endorsed (or accompanied by duly
executed stock transfer powers). The Seller shall furnish its account information to the Buyer in writing not fewer than [**] Business Days prior to the
scheduled Closing Date.
2.4.2. The parties hereto will execute and deliver the Ancillary Agreements.
2.4.3. The Buyer shall pay to Pfizer Overseas LLC the “Purchase Price” under the Inventory Transfer Agreement, as such term is
defined in the Inventory Transfer Agreement.
2.5. Milestone Payment .
2.5.1. Subject to Section 2.5.2 , within [**] Business Days after the occurrence of the First Commercial Sale of the Product (the
“First Commercial Sale Date ”), Buyer shall pay to Seller (by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds to the account furnished by the
Seller), without demand or of fset, the Milestone Payment; provided , however , that the Buyer may , in its sole discretion, elect to defer payment of all or
portion of the Milestone Payment for period of up to five years from the First Commercial Sale Date upon written notice thereof to the Seller and the
execution and delivery to the Seller , within such [**] Business Day period, of promissory note in favor of the Seller in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit 2.5.1  in the principal amount of the Milestone Payment being so deferred (the “ Promissory Note ”).
2.5.2. The Buyer shall have the option, in the Buyer ’s sole discretion, exercisable at any time by the Buyer commencing on the
Closing Date and expiring on the earlier of (i) [**] days prior to the date on which [**] for the Product, and (ii) [**] months
 
-13-
--- Page 20 ---
following the [**] for the Product (the “ Buyout Period ”) to make one-time payment to the Seller in the amount of $20,000,000 in cash in lieu of, and in
full satisfaction of, its obligation to pay the Milestone Payment (the “ Milestone Buyout ”). In any case, Buyer shall, promptly after becoming aware
thereof, notify Seller in writing of the date that the events described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 2.5.2  occur . Upon exercise of the Milestone
Buyout, in the Buyer ’s sole election in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5.2 , and payment in full in cash of the Milestone Buyout to the
Seller , the Buyer ’s obligations to make the Milestone Payment under Section 2.5.1  shall automatically terminate and shall no longer be deemed due or
payable by the Buyer .
2.5.3. Subject to Section 12.2 , if, after the Closing, and if any portion of the Purchase Price remains unpaid, and the Buyer or any of
its permitted successors or assigns (a) ef fects Change of Control, or (b) sells, exclusively licenses, or otherwise transfers, or causes the Company to
sell, exclusively license or otherwise transfer , all or substantially all of its or the Company’ s rights, title and interest in and to the Product (a “ Product
Transfer ”), such transaction shall be made only with Qualified Successor , except that such transaction may be made with Person that is not Qualified
Successor with the Seller ’s prior written consent; provided , however , that if the Buyer or any of its permitted successors or assigns requests and
receives such consent from the Seller , the per annum interest rate on the Promissory Note shall automatically increase to fourteen percent (14%). If
permitted Change of Control or other permitted Product Transfer occurs pursuant to the foregoing sentence, the permitted acquirer or successor shall
unconditionally assume all of the Buyer ’s obligations under this Agreement, including the obligations set forth in Section 2.5 , Section 6.8 , and
Section 6.9 . As used in this Section, a “ Qualified Successor ” means Person having:
(a) market capitalization in excess of $[**] (or in the case of privately held company , valuation of its total outstanding equity
securities based on its most recently completed arms-length equity financing or an independent valuation of its equity pursuant to
Rule 409A  under the Internal Revenue Code, in excess of $[**]; and
(b) a tangible net worth in excess of $[**]; and
(c) a debt to equity ratio of no more than [**].
2.6. FDA  Confirmatory Milestone .
2.6.1. Subject to the terms of Section 2.6.5 , the Seller shall promptly , and in no event later than [**] days, after the date on which
the Buyer provides the Seller with the FDACM Notice (as defined below), make one-time payment to the Buyer in the amount of Six Million Dollars
($6,000,000) (the “ Seller Payment ”), without demand or of fset, if, between the Closing Date and the date that is [**] days after the Closing Date (as
such period may be extended pursuant to Section 2.6.3 , the “ FDA  Milestone Period ”), following Type Meeting to discuss Special Protocol Assessment
or any other Formal FDA  Meeting, the Buyer provides written notice to the Seller (the “ FDACM Notice ”) certifying that (i) the Buyer did not receive
an FDA  Response that meets the FDA  Confirmatory Milestone, and (ii) the Buyer has reasonably and in good faith determined that, as direct result of
the FDA  Response failing to meet the FDA  Confirmatory Milestone, the Total Project Cost will exceed:
(a) the total project expenses set forth in the Budget, and, as result, the Buyer has determined, in its sole discretion, that it
would no longer be Commercially Reasonable to continue the Buyer ’s efforts to seek to develop and commercialize the Product and
the Buyer ’s Board of Directors has resolved to terminate the business operations relating to the Product and to liquidate or
otherwise wind down the business and operations of the Buyer; provided , however , that the Seller Payment shall not be payable by
the Seller in the event such liquidation or winding down is ef fected by means of disposition of any of Buyer ’s business, assets
(including the Product) or Company shares in transaction that is not Bona Fide Transaction; or
 
-14-
--- Page 21 ---
(b) $[**].
2.6.2. (a) Subject to Section 12.1 1.2(d) , any past due amount of the Seller Payment payable by the Seller to the Buyer under
Section 2.6.1 , and (b) any past due amount of the Milestone Payment not evidenced by the Promissory Note executed and delivered by Buyer pursuant
to Section 2.5.1 , shall, in each such case, bear interest (compounded annually) at per annum rate of [**]% (calculated on the basis of 360-day year)
from and after the date such Seller Payment or Milestone Payment, as the case may be, was due until such amount is paid in full.
2.6.3. Notwithstanding anything in Section 2.6.1 , or elsewhere in this Agreement, to the contrary , the FDA  Milestone Period may be
extended by the Buyer as set forth in Section 2.6.4 , in the Buyer ’s sole discretion, upon written notice to the Seller if one or both of the following
occurs:
(a) the Buyer has taken all Commercially Reasonable actions to receive an FDA  Response during the FDA  Milestone Period,
but Buyer has not received the FDA  Response within the FDA  Milestone Period through no delay or other fault of Buyer , and/or
(b) the Seller breaches its obligations under Section 1 of the Transition Servi