--- Page 1 ---
EX-2.1 2 ex2-1.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
 
Magnite, Inc. 8-K
 
Exhibit 2.1 
 
EXECUTION VERSION
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
dated as of
February 4, 2021
between
MAGNITE, INC.,
RTL US HOLDING, INC.,
and
RTL GROUP S.A.,
(Solely with respect to Article 6)
relating to the purchase and sale
of
100% of the Common Stock
of
SPOTX, INC.
 
--- Page 2 ---
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   
 PAGE
  
ARTICLE 1  
DEFINITIONS 1
  
Section 1.01.   Definitions 1
Section 1.02.   Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. 21
  
ARTICLE 2  
PURCHASE  AND  SALE 22
  
Section 2.01.   Purchase and Sale 22
Section 2.02.   Purchase Price 22
Section 2.03.   Closing 22
Section 2.04.   Closing Deliverables. 23
Section 2.05.   Estimated Closing Calculations 24
Section 2.06.   Final Closing Statement. 25
Section 2.07.   Withholding 29
  
ARTICLE 3  
REPRESENT ATIONS  AND  W ARRANTIES  OF  S ELLER 30
  
Section 3.01.   Existence and Power 30
Section 3.02.   Corporate Authorization. 30
Section 3.03.   Governmental Authorization 30
Section 3.04.   Noncontravention 30
Section 3.05.   Capitalization 31
Section 3.06.   Subsidiaries. 31
Section 3.07.   Financial Statements. 32
Section 3.08.   Ownership of the Shares. 33
Section 3.09.   Absence of Certain Changes. 33
Section 3.10.   No Undisclosed Liabilities. 33
Section 3.11.   Material Contracts. 34
Section 3.12.   Litigation. 36
Section 3.13.   Compliance with Laws; Permits. 37
Section 3.14.   Properties. 37
Section 3.15.   Intellectual Property. 38
Section 3.16.   Employee Benefit Plans. 40
Section 3.17.   Labor and Employees. 42
Section 3.18.   Environmental Matters 43
Section 3.19.   Taxes. 43
Section 3.20.   Finders’ Fees 46
Section 3.21.   Online Marketing 46
Section 3.24.   Affiliate Interests and Transactions 47
Section 3.25.   Insurance 47
Section 3.26.   Customers 47
 
i
--- Page 3 ---
 
 
Section 3.27.   Data Protection; Privacy. 48
Section 3.28.   No Additional Representations or Warranties 49
Section 3.29.   Securities Matters; Investigation; Non-reliance. 50
  
ARTICLE 4  
REPRESENT ATIONS  AND  W ARRANTIES  OF  B UYER 51
  
Section 4.01.   Corporate Existence and Power 51
Section 4.02.   Corporate Authorization. 51
Section 4.03.   Governmental Authorization 52
Section 4.04.   Noncontravention 52
Section 4.05.   Financing 52
Section 4.06.   Solvency 53
Section 4.07.   Purchase for Investment 54
Section 4.08.   Litigation 54
Section 4.09.   Finders’ Fees 54
Section 4.10.   SEC Reports; Financial Statements. 55
Section 4.11.   No Undisclosed Liabilities 56
Section 4.12.   Compliance with Laws 56
Section 4.13.   Absence of Certain Changes 57
Section 4.14.   Non-Reliance; Inspections; No Other Representations. 57
  
ARTICLE 5  
COVENANTS 58
  
Section 5.01.   Conduct of the Company. 58
Section 5.02.   Access to Information. 61
Section 5.03.   Notices of Certain Events. 63
Section 5.04.   Conduct of Buyer 63
Section 5.05.   Further Assurances. 63
Section 5.06.   Public Announcements 66
Section 5.07.   Intercompany Arrangements; Related Party Contracts. 66
Section 5.08.   Exclusivity 66
Section 5.09.   Directors and Officers. 67
Section 5.10.   Trademarks; Tradenames 67
Section 5.11.   Non-Solicitation. 68
Section 5.12.   Financings. 69
Section 5.13.   Company Group Financial Statements 74
Section 5.14.   Agreements Regarding the Buyer Common Stock. 75
Section 5.15.   Transition Services Agreement 77
  
ARTICLE 6  
TAX M ATTERS 77
  
Section 6.01.   Tax Covenants 78
Section 6.02.   Transfer Taxes 78
Section 6.03.   Tax Indemnity 78
 
ii
--- Page 4 ---
 
 
Section 6.04.   Claims; R&W Insurance Policy. 79
Section 6.05.   Preparation of Tax Returns for Pre-Closing Tax Periods. 79
Section 6.06.   Allocation of Straddle Period Tax Liability 80
Section 6.07.   Tax Contests. 81
Section 6.08.   Refunds 82
Section 6.09.   Tax Sharing Agreements 82
Section 6.10.   Cooperation on Tax Matters. 83
  
ARTICLE 7  
TRANSACTION  B ONUSES 83
  
Section 7.01.   Transaction Bonuses 83
  
ARTICLE 8  
CONDITIONS  TO  C LOSING 83
  
Section 8.01.   Conditions to Obligations of Buyer and Seller 83
Section 8.02.   Conditions to Obligation of Buyer. 84
Section 8.03.   Conditions to Obligation of Seller 84
  
ARTICLE 9  
SURVIVAL ; RELEASE 85
  
Section 9.01.   Survival 85
Section 9.02.   Release 85
  
ARTICLE 10  
TERMINA TION 86
  
Section 10.01.   Grounds for Termination 86
Section 10.02.   Effect of Termination. 87
  
ARTICLE 11  
MISCELLANEOUS 88
  
Section 11.01.   Notices 88
Section 11.02.   Amendments and Waivers. 89
Section 11.03.   Expenses 90
Section 11.04.   Successors and Assigns 90
Section 11.05.   Governing Law 90
Section 11.06.   Jurisdiction. 90
Section 11.07.   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 91
Section 11.08.   R&W Insurance Policy 91
Section 11.09.   Counterparts; Effectiveness; Third-Party Beneficiaries 91
Section 11.10.   Entire Agreement 92
Section 11.11.   Severability 92
Section 11.12.   Disclosure Schedules 92
Section 11.13.   Waiver of Conflicts; Attorney-Client Privilege. 92
 
iii
--- Page 5 ---
 
 
Section 11.14.   Specific Performance 93
Section 11.15.   No Recourse 94
 
Exhibits 
Exhibit A – Illustrative Calculations 
Exhibit B – Transaction Accounting Principles
 
Schedules 
Schedule 1.1 – Required Information
 
iv
--- Page 6 ---
 
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as of February 4, 2021 between Magnite, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), RTL US
Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Seller”), and, solely for purposes of Article 6, RTL Group S.A., a Société Anonyme (“RTL”).
 
W I T N E S E T H :
 
WHEREAS, Seller owns 1 share of the Common Stock (the “Shares”) of SpotX, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), which
constitutes 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company;
 
WHEREAS, prior to the date hereof, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2020, by and
between SpotX Ltd and RTL Group Support Services Ltd (together with all exhibits, schedules and ancillary agreements entered in connection
therewith, the “Yospace Carveout Agreement”), pursuant to which Yospace Enterprises Ltd (“Yospace”) and its Subsidiary (as defined herein)
were transferred to RTL Group Support Services Ltd (the “Carveout Transaction”); and
 
WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell the Shares to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase the Shares from Seller, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions hereinafter set forth.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and of other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.01.        Definitions. As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings:
 
“Accounting Referee” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(f).
 
“Accrued Standalone Income Taxes” means an amount (which may not be less than zero) equal to the accrued but unpaid Income Tax
liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any Pre-Closing Tax Period for which, as of 11:59 p.m. (New York time) on the day immediately
preceding the Closing Date and immediately prior to the calculation of adjustments pursuant to Section 2.05 and 2.06, an originally filed Tax
Return either (i) has not yet become due and has not yet been filed or (ii) has been filed and reflects Income Tax liabilities shown as due that have
not been paid in full to the relevant Tax Authority, determined in each case: (a) by taking into account any items of loss or deduction arising from
any Transaction Expense and allocating such losses and deductions to the Pre-Closing Tax Period, in each case to the maximum extent permitted by
Applicable Law, at a “more likely than not” level of comfort (or higher confidence level), (b) by excluding any liabilities for accruals or reserves
established or required to be established under IFRS methodologies for contingent Income Taxes or with respect to uncertain Income Tax positions,
(c) by excluding any Income Taxes for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is liable as a result of being a member of a consolidated,
combined, unitary or other tax group that includes the Seller or any of its Affiliates (other than any such group the only members of which are also
members of the Company Group), (d) by excluding any Income Taxes attributable to any action taken by Buyer or any of its Affiliates (including
the Company and its Subsidiaries) after the Closing on the Closing Date outside of the ordinary course of business in violation of  Section 6.01, (e)
in accordance with the past practices (including reporting positions, elections and accounting methods) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (f) by
excluding any deferred Income Tax assets and liabilities, (g) taking into account any estimated Income Tax payments and overpayments of Income
Taxes with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period to the extent that the same actually reduce the amount of Income Tax liabilities taken into account
in computing Accrued Standalone Income Taxes, and (h) in the case of a Straddle Period, in accordance with Section 6.06.
 
--- Page 7 ---
 
 
“Action” means any formal claim, demand, action, suit, inquiry, proceeding, examination, audit or investigation by or before any
Governmental Authority, or any other arbitration or mediation.
 
“Adjustment Amount” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(i).
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with such first Person, including, with respect to Buyer, from and after the Closing, the Company Group; provided that none of the
Company Group shall be considered an Affiliate of Seller from and after the Closing. For purposes of this definition, “control” when used with
respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have correlative meanings.
 
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
 
“Alternative Financing” has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.12(a)(iv).
 
“Applicable Law” means, with respect to any Person, any domestic or foreign federal, state or local law, rule, regulation or other similar
requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Authority that is binding upon or applicable to such Person.
 
“Audited Financial Statements” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.07(a).
 
“Balance Sheet” means the unaudited combined balance sheet of the Company Group as of the Balance Sheet Date.
 
“Balance Sheet Date” means September 30, 2020.
 
2
--- Page 8 ---
 
 
“Base Cash Purchase Price” means USD USD560,000,000, as may be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.16.
 
“Business Day” means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in Denver, Colorado, the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or New York, New York are customarily closed, or required by Applicable Law to close.
 
“Business Systems” means all software, computer hardware (whether general or special purpose), electronic data processing,
communications and telecommunications networks, interfaces, platforms, servers, peripherals, and computer systems that are owned or used by the
Company Group in the conduct of its business.
 
“Buyer” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
 
“Buyer Common Stock” means the Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Buyer.
 
“Buyer Cure Period” has the meaning set forth in  Section 10.01(e).
 
“Buyer Fundamental Warranties” means the representations and warranties contained in  Section 4.01,  Section 4.02 and  Section 4.09.
 
“Buyer Indemnitee” has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.03.
 
“Buyer Material Adverse Effect” means any event, change, development, occurrence or effect, that when considered individually or in
the aggregate (a) prevents, materially delays or materially impedes the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions or (b) has a material adverse
effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of Buyer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding (in the case of clause
(b) only) any event, change, development, occurrence or effect arising out of, attributable to or resulting from:
 
(a)       changes in GAAP, IFRS or Applicable Law;
 
(b)       changes in general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting the industries in which Buyer and its
Subsidiaries operate;
 
(c)       acts of war, sabotage, cyberattacks, terrorism, natural disasters or any pandemic or epidemic (including COVID-19);
 
(d)       the performance, announcement or pendency of this Agreement and Transactions, including the effect of any of the foregoing on
relationships, contractual or otherwise, with any customers, vendors, distributors, partners, employees or Governmental Authorities;
 
(e)       any failure to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (provided that, subject in all
respects to the exceptions set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above and (f) through (g) below, any circumstance that caused or contributed to such
failure to meet projections, forecasts or predictions may be taken into account in determining whether a “Buyer Material Adverse Effect” has
occurred or would be expected to occur);
 
3
--- Page 9 ---
 
 
(f)       any action taken or omitted to be taken at the written request or with the express written consent of Seller; or
 
(g)       any action taken by Buyer that is expressly required to be taken pursuant to this Agreement;
 
provided, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), that if the impact of such event, change, circumstances, occurrence, effect or
state of facts is disproportionately adverse to Buyer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole relative to the other participants in the industry in which
Buyer and its Subsidiaries operates, the extent of such disproportionate impact may be taken into account in determining whether a Buyer Material
Adverse Effect has occurred.
 
“Buyer SEC Documents” has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.10.
 
“CARES Act” means the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act,  Pub.L. 116–136 (116th Cong.) (Mar. 27, 2020), and any
amendments thereof.
 
“Carveout Transaction” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
 
“Cash” means, as at a specified date, the aggregate amount of all cash, certificates of deposit and other bank deposits and all other cash
equivalents, marketable securities and short-term investments held by the Company Group, determined in accordance with the Transaction
Accounting Principles. Cash shall include checks, ACH transactions and other wire transfers and drafts deposited or available for deposit for the
account of any of the Company Group as reflected on the Company Group’s combined balance sheet in accordance with IFRS; provided, that the
amount of Cash shall be reduced by the amounts of any issued or outstanding checks and drafts and pending electronic debits to the extent the
corresponding accounts payable are not included in the calculation of Net Working Capital.
 
An illustrative calculation of Cash as of the Balance Sheet Date is set forth in the Illustrative Calculations.
 
“Cash Consideration” means an amount in cash equal to the Estimated Closing Cash Purchase Price, as may be adjusted and finally
determined pursuant to  Section 2.06.
 
“Child” means any individual for which the Company had actual knowledge or ought reasonably to have known that such individual was
either: (a) below the age of 13; or (b) below the age at which the individual is deemed to have capacity to provide valid consent pursuant to
Applicable Law.
 
“Closing” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.03.
 
4
--- Page 10 ---
 
 
“Closing Accounts” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(a).
 
“Closing Cash” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(b)(i)(C).
 
“Closing Date” means the date of the Closing.
 
“Closing Indebtedness” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(b)(i)(B).
 
“Closing Net Working Capital” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(b)(i)(A).
 
“Closing Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount” means an amount, whether positive or negative, equal to (i) Closing Net Working
Capital minus (ii) Target Net Working Capital.
 
“Closing Cash Purchase Price” means the Base Cash Purchase Price, plus
 
(a)       the Closing Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount, minus
 
(b)       Closing Indebtedness, plus
 
(c)       Closing Cash, minus
 
(d)       Closing Transaction Expenses,
 
each as finally determined pursuant to  Section 2.06.
 
“Closing Transaction Expenses” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06.
 
“COBRA” means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985.
 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
“Collective Bargaining Agreement” means any agreement between the Company Group and any labor organization or other authorized
employee representative representing Company Employees.
 
“Common Stock” means the common stock, par value USD 0.001 per share, of the Company.
 
“Company” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
 
“Company Employee” means an employee of the Company Group.
 
“Company Group” means the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, provided that, to the extent the context requires, the “Company
Group” shall be deemed to refer to each of the Company and/or each of the Company Subsidiaries.
 
5
--- Page 11 ---
 
 
“Company Intellectual Property Rights” means all Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company Group.
 
“Company Plan” means any (i) “employee benefit plan” as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA; (ii)
employment, consulting, termination, change in control, transaction bonus, retention, severance or other similar contract, agreement or
arrangement; or (iii) other plan, contract, arrangement, policy or agreement that provides compensation, cash bonuses or commission payments or
other forms of cash incentive compensation, equity or equity-based compensation, deferred compensation, medical or dental or vision benefits or
other health and welfare benefits (including, but not limited to, post-termination or retiree benefits), life insurance, disability benefits, perquisites or
fringe benefits or retirement benefits, in each case (A) that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Company Group for the benefit of any
Company Employee or director, consultant or other individual service provider of the Company Group or (B) for which any member of the
Company Group has any liability.
 
“Company Privacy Policies” has the meaning set forth in the definition of Privacy and Information Security Requirement.
 
“Company Subsidiaries” means (i) SpotX Limited, (ii) SpotX Australia Pty Ltd, (iii) SpotX Singapore Pte. Ltd., (iv) SpotX Japan G.K,
and (v) and any other indirect or direct Subsidiary of the Company.
 
“Confidentiality Agreement” means the Mutual Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020 between Buyer and Seller.
 
“Contract” means any legally binding contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any purchase order or statement of
work).
 
“Controller” means the entity which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal
Information.
 
“COVID-19” means SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19, and any evolutions thereof or related or associated epidemics, pandemics or disease
outbreaks.
 
“COVID-19 Measures” means any quarantine, “shelter in place,” “stay at home,” workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down,
clampdown, closure, sequester or any other Applicable Law, order, directive, guideline or recommendation by any Governmental Authority or
public health agency in connection with or in response to COVID-19, including, but not limited to, the CARES Act and all Occupational Safety and
Health Administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention guidelines and requirements, such as social distancing, cleaning, and other
similar or related measures.
 
“Current Representation” has the meaning set forth in  Section 11.13.
 
“Customary Agreement” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.19.
 
6
--- Page 12 ---
 
 
“Data Room” means the electronic documentation site established by Datasite on behalf of Seller containing the documents set forth in
the index included in Section 1.01(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.
 
“Data Security Breach” means a breach of security leading to the unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or
access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise Processed by Company Group.
 
“Debt Financing” has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.05.
 
“Debt Financing Commitments” has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.05.
 
“Decrease Amount” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(j)(ii).
 
“Designated Person” has the meaning set forth in  Section 11.13.
 
“Determination Date” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(g).
 
“Disputed Matters” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(f).
 
“DOJ” means the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice.
 
“Enforceability Exception” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.02(c).
 
“Environmental Laws” means any Applicable Law relating to the protection of the environment.
 
“Environmental Permits” means all Permits under any Environmental Law.
 
“Equity Financing” means the issuance by Buyer of equity securities and/or any securities convertible into equity securities of Buyer,
which Buyer may consummate prior to the Closing.
 
“Equity Financing Sources” means any Person who is an investor or prospective investor in the Equity Financing.
 
“Equity Interests” means any:
 
(a)       shares or units of capital stock or voting or other equity securities;
 
(b)       membership interests or units;
 
(c)       subscriptions, calls, warrants, options, or commitments of any kind or character relating to, or entitling any Person or entity to
purchase or otherwise acquire any of the interests in (a)-(b);
 
(d)       securities or other interests convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any of the interests in (a)-(c) or any other equity
securities;
 
7
--- Page 13 ---
 
 
(e)       stock appreciation right, phantom stock, interest in the ownership or earnings of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or other
equity equivalent or equity-based award or right; or
 
(f) bond, debenture or other indebtedness having the right to vote or convertible or exchangeable for securities having the right to vote.
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
 
“Estimated Closing Cash” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.05(a)(iii).
 
“Estimated Closing Indebtedness” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.05(a)(ii).
 
“Estimated Closing Net Working Capital” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.05(a)(i).
 
“Estimated Closing Cash Purchase Price” means an amount equal to the Base Cash Purchase Price, plus:
 
(a)       the Estimated Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount, minus
 
(b)       Estimated Closing Indebtedness, plus
 
(c)       Estimated Closing Cash, minus
 
(d)       Estimated Closing Transaction Expenses.
 
“Estimated Closing Transaction Expenses” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.05(a)(iv).
 
“Estimated Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount” means an amount, which may be positive or negative, equal to (a) Estimated
Closing Net Working Capital minus (b) Target Net Working Capital.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“Final Closing Statement” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(b)(iii).
 
“Financial Statements” means, collectively, the Interim Financial Statements and the Audited Financial Statements.
 
“Financing” means, collectively, the Debt Financing and the Equity Financing.
 
“Financing Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16.
 
8
--- Page 14 ---
 
 
“Financing Source Parties” means, collectively, the Financing Sources, their Affiliates and such Persons’ and their Affiliates’ respective
current, former and future directors, officers, general or limited partners, shareholders, members, managers, controlling persons, employees,
representatives and agents, and the respective successors and assigns of each of the foregoing.
 
“Financing Sources” means the entities that have committed to provide or to cause to provide, or otherwise entered into agreements in
connection with, the Financing or other financings in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including the parties to the Debt
Financing Commitments and any related commitments to purchase the Debt Financing or any part thereof from such entities, and to any joinder
agreements, credit agreements, purchase agreements or indentures (including the definitive agreements executed in connection with the Debt
Financing Commitments (and the related fee letters) or any such related commitments) relating thereto.
 
“Foreign Plan” means any Company Plan that covers Company Employees or directors, consultants or other individual service providers
of the Company Group who are located outside of the United States.
 
“Fraud” means a knowing and intentional misrepresentation by a party in the making of an express representation or warranty contained
in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered in connection herewith (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any theory of fraud premised upon
constructive fraud, negligent misrepresentation or omission or recklessness or negligence).
 
“FTC” means the United States Federal Trade Commission.
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied.
 
“Governmental Authority” means any domestic or foreign federal, state or local governmental, regulatory or administrative authority,
department, court or agency.
 
“HSR Act” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.
 
“IFRS” means the international accounting standards, international financial reporting standards and related interpretations issued or
adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board.
 
“Illustrative Calculations” means the illustrative calculations as of the Balance Sheet Date of Cash, Indebtedness and Net Working
Capital, and the resulting calculation of the Purchase Price attached hereto as Exhibit A.
 
“Income Tax” means any Tax imposed on or measured by reference (in whole or in part) to overall gross or net income, profits, receipts,
capital gains and similar Taxes, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto.
 
9
--- Page 15 ---
 
 
“Increase Amount” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(j)(i).
 
“Indebtedness” means all obligations (including in respect of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest) of the Company
Group, without duplication (but before taking account the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby), in respect of:
 
(a)       premiums, penalties and other fees, expenses (if any), and other payment obligations and amounts due (including such amounts
that would become due as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) that would be required to be paid by
a borrower to a lender pursuant to a customary payoff letter, in each case, in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money, obligations evidenced
by bonds, notes, debentures or other similar instruments, and all obligations with respect to interest-rate hedging, swaps or similar financial
arrangements (valued at the termination value thereof and net of all payments owed to the Company or its Affiliates thereunder, including any
intercompany accounts);
 
(b)       all obligations under capitalized leases with respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is liable, determined on a
consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS (excluding any operating leases for real property that may be recognized on the balance sheet of the
Company as a result of the application of IFRS 16 Leases);
 
(c)       any amounts for the deferred purchase price of goods and services, including any earn out liabilities associated with past
acquisitions;
 
(e)       any Accrued Standalone Income Taxes;
 
(f) any unpaid Taxes (including unpaid “applicable employment taxes” (as defined in Section 2302(d)(i) of the CARES Act)) that the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has deferred as of the Closing Date pursuant to the CARES Act or other COVID-19 Measures or other or
similar laws;
 
(g)       any Transfer Taxes for which the Seller or RTL is liable under  Section 6.02 of this Agreement;
 
(h)       all deposits and monies received in advance; and
 
(i) any guarantee of all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (a) through (g) of other Persons for the payment of which the
Company Group is responsible or liable.
 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, “Indebtedness” shall not include any amount included in Net Working Capital or Closing Transaction
Expenses.
 
An illustrative calculation of Indebtedness as of the Balance Sheet Date is set forth in the Illustrative Calculations.
 
“Injunction” has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.01.
 
10
--- Page 16 ---
 
 
“Inside Date” means April 1, 2021, or in the event that Seller has not delivered the Required Information to Buyer as of at least 15
Business Days prior to any proposed Closing Date, the date that is 15 Business Days after the date that Seller has delivered the Required
Information to Buyer.
 
“Intellectual Property Right” means all intellectual property of any type or nature, however denominated, anywhere in the world,
including (i) all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, logos, product names, corporate names, assumed names, trade dress, social
media handles and accounts and all other indicia of source and origin, whether registered or unregistered, and all applications for the registration
thereof, together with all of the goodwill associated therewith (“Trademarks”), (ii) Internet domain names, websites and social media accounts,
(iii) all works of authorship (whether or not copyrightable) and all copyrights (whether registered or unregistered) and applications for registration
thereof, (iv) proprietary data, database rights, and proprietary rights in software, (v) all classes and types of patents, including originals, reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part, patent applications and patent disclosures, (vi) trade secrets,
inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), know-how, proprietary information, methods, procedures,
processes, specifications, plans, proposals, improvements, inventions, applications, tools, and supplier lists, and all related confidential information
(“Trade Secrets”), (vii) any and all registrations, applications for registration, renewals, extensions, revisions or restorations, recordings, common-
law rights, statutory rights and related rights relating to any of the foregoing and (viii) all claims or causes of action arising out of or related to past,
present or future infringement or misappropriation of the foregoing.
 
“Interim Financial Statements” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.07(a).
 
“IP License” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.11.
 
“IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service.
 
“knowledge of Buyer,” “Buyer’s knowledge” or any other similar knowledge qualification in this Agreement means to the actual
knowledge after reasonable inquiry of Michael Barrett (CEO of Buyer), David Day (CFO of Buyer), Erik Hovanec (Chief Strategy Officer) or
Aaron Saltz (General Counsel & Corporate Secretary).
 
“knowledge of Seller,” “Seller’s knowledge,” or any other similar knowledge qualification in this Agreement means to the actual
knowledge after reasonable inquiry of Elmar Heggen (Deputy CEO and COO of RTL Group S.A.), Björn Bauer (CFO of RTL Group S.A.), Andreas
Fischer (EVP Business Development of RTL Group S.A.), Siska Ghesquiere (General Counsel and Head of M&A at RTL Group S.A.).
 
“Launch Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16.
 
“Leased Real Property” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.14.
 
11
--- Page 17 ---
 
 
“Lien” means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien, license, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance in
respect of such property or asset.
 
“Lockup Securities” has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.14.
 
“Lockup Period” means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is three months following the Closing Date.
 
“Losses” means any and all losses, damages, liabilities, fines, Taxes, claims, awards, judgments, penalties, fees, costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in investigating, preparing or defending the foregoing).
 
“Made Available” means the applicable document or information was posted to the Data Room and made accessible by Buyer prior to the
execution of this Agreement (as evidenced by a DVD-ROM, USB drive or other fixed media with copies of all such documents and information on
the Data Room at or prior to such time, a copy of which will be delivered to Buyer on or before the Closing in accordance with  Article 2).
 
“Malicious Code” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.15(j).
 
“Management Accounts” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.07(a).
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means any event, change, development, occurrence or effect, that when considered individually or in the
aggregate (a) prevents, materially delays or materially impedes the consummation by Seller of the Transactions or (b) has a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company Group, taken as a whole, excluding (in the case of clause (b) only) any
event, change, development, occurrence or effect arising out of, attributable to or resulting from:
 
(a)       changes in GAAP, IFRS or Applicable Law;
 
(b)       changes in general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company Group
operates;
 
(c)       acts of war, sabotage, cyberattacks, terrorism, natural disasters or any pandemic or epidemic (including COVID-19);
 
(d)       the performance, announcement or pendency of this Agreement and Transactions, including the effect of any of the foregoing on
relationships, contractual or otherwise, with any customers, vendors, distributors, partners, employees or Governmental Authorities;
 
(e)       any failure to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (provided that, subject in all
respects to the exceptions set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above and (f) through (g) below, any circumstance that caused or contributed to such
failure to meet projections, forecasts or predictions may be taken into account in determining whether a “Material Adverse Effect” has occurred
or would be expected to occur);
 
12
--- Page 18 ---
 
 
(f)       any action taken or omitted to be taken at the written request or with the express written consent of Buyer; or
 
(g)       any action taken by the Company Group that is expressly required or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Agreement;
 
provided, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), that if the impact of such event, change, circumstances, occurrence, effect or state
of facts is disproportionately adverse to the Company Group, taken as a whole relative to the other participants in the industry in which the
Company Group operates, the extent of such disproportionate impact may be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse
Effect has occurred.
 
“Material Contracts” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.11.
 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA.
 
“NASDAQ” means the NASDAQ Global Select Market.
 
“Net Working Capital” means, as of any specified date:
 
(a)       the aggregate value of the combined current assets line items set forth in the Illustrative Calculations as of such date; minus
 
(b)       the aggregate value of the combined current liabilities line items set forth in the Illustrative Calculations as of such date;
 
in each case, as set forth on a statement of Net Working Capital of the Company Group having only the line items and in the format set
forth in the Illustrative Calculations and calculated in accordance with the Transaction Accounting Principles; provided that
 
(i)       for the avoidance of doubt, amounts included in the calculation of Indebtedness, Transaction Expenses or Cash shall not be
included in Net Working Capital; and
 
(ii)       Net Working Capital shall be calculated excluding any deferred Tax assets, any deferred Tax liabilities, and any Income
Tax assets or liabilities.
 
An illustrative calculation of Net Working Capital as of the Balance Sheet Date is set forth in the Illustrative Calculations.
 
“Notice of Disagreement” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.06(c).
 
13
--- Page 19 ---
 
 
“Open Source Software” means any software that is distributed as “free software” (as defined by the Free Software Foundation), “open
source software” (meaning software distributed under any license approved by the Open Source Initiative as set forth at www.opensource.org) or
under any similar licensing or distribution model, including all versions of the GNU General Public License (GPL), the GNU Lesser General Public
License (LGPL), the GNU Affero GPL, the MIT license, the Eclipse Public License, the Common Public License, the CDDL, the Mozilla Public
License (MPL), the Artistic License, the Netscape Public License, the Sun Community Source License (SCSL), and the Sun Industry Standards
License (SISL) or any other license that requires the distribution of software source code without a fee or as a condition of creating or distributing
derivative works of such source code to any third party.
 
“Ordinary Course of Business” means, with respect to any Person, the ordinary course of business consistent with the applicable
Person’s past custom and practice; provided that actions taken (or omitted) reasonably and in good faith to respond to COVID-19 shall be deemed
Ordinary Course of Business; provided, further, that prior to the Company Group (or Seller with respect thereto) taking (or omitting to take) any
actions to respond to COVID-19 or COVID-19 Measures in reliance on this definition, Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
advance notice to Buyer and shall consider Buyer’s reasonable suggestions in connection therewith.
 
“Organizational Documents” means, with respect to any Person or Persons, collectively, the certificate of incorporation, operating
agreement, articles of association, voting agreement, stockholders agreement, certificate of formation, charter, bylaws and any other or similar
equivalent governing documents, of such Person or Persons, in each case, as in effect on the date hereof.
 
“Outside Date” has the meaning set forth in  Section 10.01(b).
 
“Permits” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.13(b).
 
“Permitted Encumbrances” means:
 
(a)       mechanics’, materialmen’s and similar Liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to any amounts not yet
delinquent and in respect of which the Company Group is not in default or which are being contested in good faith;
 
(b)       Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been
established in the Financial Statements accordance with IFRS;
 
(c)       encumbrances and restrictions on real property (including easements, covenants, rights of way and similar restrictions of record)
that do not materially interfere with the present uses or occupancy of such real property;
 
(d)       zoning, building codes and other land use laws regulating the use or occupancy of real property or the activities conducted
thereon which are imposed by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such real property which are not violated, or interfered with,
in any material respect by the current use or occupancy of such real property or the operation of the Company Group as currently conducted;
 
14
--- Page 20 ---
 
 
(e)       to the extent terminated in connection with the Closing, Liens securing payment, or any other obligations, of the Company Group
with respect to Indebtedness;
 
(f)       any right, interest, Lien or title of a lessor or sublessor under a lease, sublease or occupancy agreement or in the property being
leased;
 
(g) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses or covenants not to assert with respect to Intellectual Property Rights granted in the Ordinary
Course of Business; and
 
(h) Liens or encumbrances described in Section 1.01(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.
 
“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization,
including a Governmental Authority.
 
“Personal Information” means information that directly or indirectly identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being
associated with, any living individual or household, including but not limited to each of the following: (a) directly-identifying information (e.g.,
name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, government-issued identifier, health information and any other data
used or intended to identify, contact or precisely locate a person); (b) user-device-related information, such as Internet Protocol address, mobile
device identifier, identifier stored in a cookie, deterministically or probabilistically-derived device fingerprint, or any other persistent identifier; and
(c) any other information specified as “personally identifiable information”, “personal information”, or “personal data” in an applicable Privacy and
Information Security Requirement.
 
“Post-Closing Transaction Bonus Amount” means the amount payable after the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Bonuses, as set
forth in  Section 7.01 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.
 
“Pre-Closing Tax Period” means any Tax period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date, including the pre-Closing
portion of any Straddle Period (determined in accordance with  Section 6.06).
 
“Pre-Closing Taxes” means all Taxes: (a) for which any member of the Company Group is liable (i) with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax
Period; (ii) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group prior to the Closing; (iii) as a transferee
or successor, by Contract entered into prior to the Closing (other than any Customary Agreement) or pursuant to any Applicable Law, which Taxes
relate to an event or transaction occurring before the Closing Date; or (iv) under Section 965 of the Code (including, for the sake of clarity, any Tax
deferred pursuant to Section 965(h), Tax payable as a result of a breach of the covenant contained in last sentence of Section 6.05, and any Tax
payable as a result of an election under Section 965(h) of the Code with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to defer the payment of
any “net tax liability” as such term is defined in Section 965(h)(6) of the Code); (b) any Taxes (including unpaid “applicable employment taxes” (as
defined in Section 2302(d)(i) of the CARES Act)) that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has deferred as of the Closing Date pursuant to the
CARES Act or other COVID-19 Measures or similar laws; (c) attributable to any amount that would be required to be included under Section 951
or 951A of the Code in the income of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for its taxable year ended on the Closing Date if the taxable year of
each Subsidiary of the Company that is a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code ended as of the end of
the Closing Date; and (d) arising out of or resulting from this Agreement (including any Taxes relating to the Carveout Transaction and any Transfer
Taxes for which Seller or RTL are liable pursuant to  Section 6.02), in each case, together with any losses incurred in connection with any of the
foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, Pre-Closing Taxes shall be determined without regard to any loss, credit, or tax attribute of the Buyer or its
Affiliates (other than the Company or its Subsidiaries) for any tax period or any loss, credit, or other tax attribute of the Company and its
Subsidiaries arising in periods (or portion thereof) commencing after the Closing Date.
 
15
--- Page 21 ---
 
 
“Preliminary Closing Statement” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.05(c).
 
“Privacy and Information Security Requirement” means:
 
(a) any and all Applicable Laws relating to the Processing of Personal Information that are applicable to the Company Group, as well as, to
the extent applicable to the Company Group:
 
(i) all rules, policies, standards, and requirements of applicable industry and self-regulatory organizations in the industry in which
the Company Group operates (including, but not limited to, the Digital Advertising Alliance, the European Interactive Digital Advertising
Alliance, and IAB Europe’s Transparency & Consent Framework); and
 
(ii) all guidance and codes of practice issued by Governmental Authorities and final judgments issued by competent courts;
 
(b) all Applicable Laws concerning the security of Company products and/or information technology assets;
 
(c) any Contract to which a member of the Company Group is bound that involves the Processing of Personal Information and/or
protecting the security or privacy of Personal Information; and
 
(d) each and every public-facing Company policy and notice relating to the Processing of Personal Information (including, without
limitation, publicly posted privacy policies; written notices provided to the public in connection with the Processing of Personal Information; public
statements or publications by Company concerning its activities related to Personal Information; and publicly posted policies or notices concerning
the security of Personal Information Processed in or by Company products and/or information technology assets) (collectively, the “Company
Privacy Policies”).
 
16
--- Page 22 ---
 
 
“Process”, “Processing” and “Processed” mean any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Information or on sets
of Personal Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or
alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination,
restriction, erasure or destruction.
 
“Processor” means any Person that Processes Personal Information on behalf of a Controller.
 
“Proposal” has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.08.
 
“Purchase Price” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.02.
 
“R&W Insurance Policy” means the representation and warranty insurance policy that Buyer intends to obtain with respect to this
Agreement.
 
“Real Property Lease” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.14.
 
“Registered Company Intellectual Property Rights” has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.15(a).
 
“Registration Statement” means a shelf registration statement sufficient to meet the requirements of the Securities Act to register the
resale of Lockup Securities under this Agreement, including the related prospectus and any pre- and post-effective amendments and supplements to
each such registration statement or prospectus.
 
“Regulation D” means Rules 500-507 promulgated under the Securities Act.
 
“Regulation S” means Rules 901-905 promulgated under the Securities Act.
 
“Related Party” means, with respect to any Person, (a) any of such Person’s former, current or future direct or indirect Affiliates,
representatives, controlling Persons, members, general or limited partners, directors or officers, other equityholders, successors or assignees (or any
former, current or future direct or indirect Affiliates, representatives, controlling Persons, members, general or limited partners, other equityholders,
successors or assignees of any of the foregoing); (b) any immediate family member of a Person described in clause (a); or (c) any other Person who
holds, individually or together with any Affiliate of such other Person and any member(s) of such Person’s immediate family, more than 10% of the
outstanding equity or ownership interests of such specified Person.
 
“Related Party Contract” means any Contract between any of the Company Group, on the one hand, and any Related Party of the
Company Group on the other hand, in each case other than Company Plans.
 
17
--- Page 23 ---
 
 
“Required Information” means, as of any specified date, the information set forth on Schedule 1.1.
 
“Restricted Employees” means, collectively, the officers, directors and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
 
“Satisfaction Date” has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.03.
 
“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations pertaining thereto.
 
“Seller” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
 
“Seller Cure Period” has the meaning set forth in  Section 10.01(d).
 
“Seller Disclosure Schedule” means the schedule delivered by Seller to Buyer on the