--- Page 1 ---
EX-2.1 2 dex21.htm STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 2.1
 
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
among
 
FISER V, INC.,
 
FISER V CLEARING, INC.
 
and
 
NATIONAL  FINANCIAL  SER VICES LLC
 
 Dated as of December 16, 2004
 
 
 
--- Page 2 ---
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
 
         Page
ARTICLE I   SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES    1
1.1   Basic Transaction    1
1.2   Purchase Price    1
1.3   The Closing    1
1.4   Deliveries at the Closing    2
1.5   Closing Adjustment to Preliminary Cash Payment    2
1.6   Preparation of Closing Date Balance Sheet and Net Capital Schedule    3
1.7   Post-Closing Adjustment to Preliminary Cash Payment    4
1.8   Withholding    5
ARTICLE II   REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES    5
2.1   Representations and Warranties of Parent and Seller    5
2.2   Representations and Warranties of Buyer   27
ARTICLE III   COVENANTS   28
3.1   Covenants of Parent and Seller   28
3.2   Covenants of Buyer and Seller   35
3.3   Section 338(h)(10) Election   40
3.4   Cooperation   42
3.5   Customer Communications   42
3.6   Buyer Designee   43
3.7   BHC Customer Loan Defaults   43
ARTICLE IV   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   43
4.1   Conditions to Obligations of Each Party   43
4.2   Conditions to Obligations of Buyer   44
4.3   Conditions to Obligations of Seller   45
ARTICLE V   TERMINA TION   46
5.1   Termination   46
5.2   Effect of Termination   46
ARTICLE VI   DEFINITIONS, MISCELLANEOUS   47
6.1   Definition of Certain Terms   47
6.2   Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants; Indemnification   56
 
i
--- Page 3 ---
 
TABLE OF  CONTENTS
(continued)
 
         Page
6.3   Non-Competition/Non-Solicitation   62
6.4   Expenses; Transfer Taxes   63
6.5   Severability   64
6.6   Notices   64
6.7   Contingent Payment   65
6.8   Miscellaneous   66
 
ii
--- Page 4 ---
 
EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES
 
Schedule 1.5.3        
Schedule 1.6.1  —     Draft Net Capital Schedule Adjustments
Schedule 2.1.1(a)  —     Due Or ganization, Etc.
Schedule 2.1.1(c)  —     Conflicts and Required Governmental Approvals or Notifications
Schedule 2.1.2(b)  —     Equity Interests
Schedule 2.1.2(d)  —     Other Investments
Schedule 2.1.4  —     Obligations or Liabilities
Schedule 2.1.5  —     Changes Since December 31, 2003
Schedule 2.1.6(a)  —     Tax Returns; Payment of Taxes
Schedule 2.1.6(b)  —     Tax Extensions
Schedule 2.1.6(c)  —     Tax Filing Groups
Schedule 2.1.6(d)  —     Tax Audits and Assessments
Schedule 2.1.6(e)  —     Tax Sharing Arrangements
Schedule 2.1.6(h)  —     Assertions of Jurisdiction
Schedule 2.1.7  —     Real and Personal Property
Schedule 2.1.8(a)  —     Contracts
Schedule 2.1.8(b)  —     Contract Exceptions
Schedule 2.1.9(a)  —     Intellectual Property
Schedule 2.1.9(b)  —     Intellectual Property Infringements
Schedule 2.1.10  —     Insurance Policies
Schedule 2.1.1 1(a)  —     Compliance with Laws
Schedule 2.1.1l(b)  —     Governmental Approvals
Schedule 2.1.1l(c)  —     Investigations; Proceedings
Schedule 2.1.12  —     Affiliate Transactions
Schedule 2.1.13(a)  —     Regulatory Compliance; Broker -Dealers
Schedule 2.1.13(c)  —     Registration Requirements
Schedule 2.1.13(d)  —     Investigations; Proceedings
Schedule 2.1.13(e)  —     BHC Policies and Procedures Noncompliance
Schedule 2.1.13(f)  —     Investment Adviser
Schedule 2.1.13(i)  —     Plan of Documents
Schedule 2.1.15(a)  —     Benefit Plans
Schedule 2.1.15(b)  —     Minimum Funding Standards, Etc.
Schedule 2.1.15(d)  —     BHC Pension Plan Proceedings
Schedule 2.1.15(e)  —     BHC Pension Plan Reportable Events
Schedule 2.1.15(m)  —     WARN
Schedule 2.1.16  —     Environmental Matters
Schedule 2.1.17  —     Litigation
Schedule 2.1.20(a)(i)  —     Customer Account Schedule
Schedule 2.1.20(a)(ii)  —     Terminated Accounts
Schedule 2.1.20(b)  —     Customer Data
Schedule 2.1.21  —     Computer Systems
 
i
--- Page 5 ---
Schedule 2.2.l(c)  —     Consents and Notifications and Required Governmental Approvals
Schedule 3.1.1  —     Conduct of Business
Schedule 3.1.7  —     Intercompany Accounts
Schedule 3.1.8  —     Foreign Accounts
Schedule 3.2.3(c)  —     Seller Liabilities
Schedule 3.2.6(a)  —     Assignment to Seller
Schedule 3.2.6(b)  —     Assignment to Member of BHC Group
Schedule 3.7  —     Loans
Schedule 4.2.3  —     Required Consents
Schedule 4.2.8  —     Terms of Transition Services Agreement
Schedule 6.1  —     Targeted Net Capital
Schedule 6.2.2(a)(ix)  —     Litigation
Schedule 6.2.2(a)(xi)  —     Other Items
 
ii
--- Page 6 ---
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT , dated as of December 16, 2004, among Fiserv , Inc., a Wisconsin corporation (“ Parent ”), Fiserv Clearing,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Seller ”), and National Financial Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Buyer ”).
 
W I T N E S S E T H :
 
WHEREAS, Seller is the record and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding capital stock of BHC Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“BHC ”).
 
WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase and Seller desires to sell all of the outstanding capital stock of BHC (the “ BHC Shares ”) on the terms and
conditions described in this Agreement.
 
WHEREAS, Buyer , Parent and Seller desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
purchase and sale of the BHC Shares and also to prescribe various conditions to the transaction.
 
NOW , THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, agreements, covenants, representations and warranties made herein and intending
to be bound hereby , the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
SALE AND PURCHASE OF  SHARES
 
1.1 Basic Transaction . On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Buyer will purchase from Seller , and Seller
will sell, assign, transfer , convey and deliver to Buyer , legal and beneficial ownership of the BHC Shares for the consideration specified below in
Section 1.2, free and clear of any Lien.
 
1.2 Purchase Price . Buyer agrees to pay to Seller (a) $348,937,500 (which includes Targeted Net Capital) (the “ Preliminary Cash Payment” ) and
(b) the Contingent Payment (collectively , the “ Purchase Price ”). The Purchase Price shall be paid in accordance with Sections 1.4, 1.8 and 6.7, as
applicable, and shall be adjusted pursuant to Sections 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and 3.7.
 
1.3 The Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at the of fices of Ballard Spahr
Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP , in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, commencing at 9:00 a.m. local time on the second Business Day following the satisfaction
or waiver of all conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than conditions with respect to
actions the respective parties will take at the Closing itself) or such other date as Buyer and Seller may mutually determine (the “ Closing Date ”), and
shall be ef fective as of 1 1:59 p.m. on the Closing Date. All acts and proceedings to be taken and all documents to be executed and delivered by the
parties at the Closing shall be deemed to have been taken and executed simultaneously , and,
 
--- Page 7 ---
except as permitted hereunder , no acts or proceedings shall be deemed taken nor any documents executed or delivered until all have been taken,
executed and delivered.
 
1.4 Deliveries at the Closing .
 1.4.1 Closing Deliveries By Seller . At the Closing, Seller or Parent, as applicable, will deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer:
 (a) a stock certificate representing the BHC Shares, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock powers and transfer forms duly
executed in blank and requisite transfer tax stamps, if any , as may be necessary or desirable to ef fect the transactions described in Section 1.1;
 (b) a receipt duly executed by Seller acknowledging, on behalf of Seller and its Affiliates, payment of the Preliminary Cash Payment in the
amount and manner provided in Section 1.2;
 (c) certificates representing all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Persons listed on Schedule 2.1.2(b) ;
 (d) all minute books, stock record books (or similar registries) and corporate (or similar) records and seals of each member of the BHC
Group;
 (e) a receipt duly executed by Parent and each member of the BHC Group acknowledging, on behalf of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries,
settlement of all intercompany receivables, payables, loans and investments then existing between Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that is not a
member of the BHC Group, on the one hand, and the BHC Group, on the other hand, pursuant to Section 3.1.7; and
 (f) the various certificates, consents, instruments and documents referred to in Section 4.2 below .
 1.4.2 Closing Deliveries by Buyer . At the Closing, Buyer will deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller:
 (a) the Preliminary Cash Payment; and
 (b) the various certificates, instruments and documents referred to in Section 4.3 below .
 
1.5 Closing Adjustment to Preliminary Cash Payment . The Preliminary Cash Payment shall be adjusted as follows:
 1.5.1 Higher Estimated Net Capital . If the Estimated Net Capital (determined in accordance with Section 1.6) exceeds Targeted Net Capital,
the Preliminary Cash Payment to be paid at Closing shall be increased in an amount equal to such excess.
 
2
--- Page 8 ---
1.5.2 Lower Estimated Net Capital . If the Estimated Net Capital (determined in accordance with Section 1.6) is less than Targeted Net
Capital, the Preliminary Cash Payment to be paid at Closing shall be decreased in an amount equal to such deficiency .
 1.5.3 Adjustment to Preliminary Cash Payment and Contingent Payment . To the extent any foreign accounts of clients of BHC
Correspondent Customers do not comply with Schedule 1.5.3  as of the Closing Date, excluding any such foreign accounts that Buyer has agreed
to retain (the “ Closed Foreign Accounts ”), the annualized Net Revenue of the Closed Foreign Accounts that is part of the Annualized 2004
Customer Account Revenue shall be multiplied by 3.7 (the resulting product, the “ Shortfall ”). The amount of the Shortfall up to $10,000,000
shall reduce the Preliminary Cash Payment by a like amount. The portion of the Shortfall over $10,000,000, if any , shall reduce the maximum
Contingent Payment in Section 6.7.1 by a like amount, but not below $5,000,000. For purposes of Section 6.7.1 only , (i) the annualized 2004 Net
Revenue for the Closed Foreign Accounts will reduce the Annualized 2004 Customer Account Revenue used to calculate the Contingent Payment
and (ii) the Year One Net Revenue for the Closed Foreign Accounts will reduce the Qualifying Revenue used to calculate the Contingent
Payment.
 
1.6 Preparation of Closing Date Balance Sheet and Net Capital Schedule .
 1.6.1 Estimated Net Capital Schedule . Within ten days prior to the expected Closing Date, Seller will, in consultation with Buyer , prepare
and deliver to Buyer a schedule in the form and substance of Schedule 1.6.1  (the “ Estimated Net Capital Schedule ”) setting forth, in reasonable
detail, Seller ’s estimate of the Net Capital (the “ Estimated Net Capital ”) as of the close of business on the Closing Date. The Estimated Net
Capital Schedule shall be derived from an estimated balance sheet of BHC and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date prepared (a) in accordance
with GAAP  applied on a basis consistent with the preparation of the BHC Financial Statements, (b) to reflect (i) any dividends or distributions
provided for in Section 3.1.1(g) and (ii) the settlements, dividends and assignments provided for in Sections 3.1.7, 3.2.6, 3.7, 4.2.6 and 4.2.10 and
(c) in a manner consistent with the pre-closing adjustments that Buyer and Seller have agreed to with regard to the treatment of certain items as
set forth on Schedule 1.6.1 , notwithstanding that such adjustments and the treatment of such items may not be in accordance with GAAP  or with
Rule 15c3-l.
 1.6.2 Draft Net Capital Schedule . Within seventy-five days after the Closing Date, Buyer will prepare and deliver to Seller a schedule in the
form and substance of Schedule 1.6.1  (the “ Draft Net Capital Schedule ”) setting forth, in reasonable detail and as of the Closing Date, Buyer ’s
estimate of the Net Capital as of the close of business on the Closing Date. The Draft Net Capital Schedule shall be derived from a balance sheet
of BHC and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date prepared (a) in accordance with GAAP  applied on a basis consistent with the preparation of
the BHC Financial Statements, (b) to reflect (i) any dividends or distributions provided for in Section 3.1.1(g) and (ii) the settlements, dividends
and assignments provided for in Sections 3.1.7, 3.2.6, 3.7, 4.2.6 and 4.2.10, and (c) in a manner consistent with the pre-closing adjustments that
Buyer and Seller have agreed to with regard to the treatment of certain items as set forth on Schedule 1.6.1 , notwithstanding that such
adjustments and the treatment of such items may not be in accordance with GAAP  or with Rule 15c3-l (as so adjusted in accordance with clauses
(a), (b) and (c), the “ Closing Date Balance Sheet ”). In no event shall any
 
3
--- Page 9 ---
entitlement to a refund of penalties described in clause (i) of Schedule 2.1.6(a)  be treated as an asset for purposes of the Closing Date Balance
Sheet or Net Capital Schedule.
 1.6.3 Objections . If Seller has any objections to the Draft Net Capital Schedule, it will deliver a statement describing its objections in
reasonable detail to Buyer within thirty days after receiving the Draft Net Capital Schedule. If no objections are made within thirty days, the
Draft Net Capital Schedule shall be conclusive and binding upon Buyer and Seller . If Seller raises any objections, Buyer and Seller will use
reasonable ef forts to resolve any such objections themselves. If Buyer and Seller do not obtain a final resolution within thirty days after Buyer
has received the statement of objections, however , KPMG, LLP  (or if KPMG, LLP  is not independent or able to act, such other nationally
recognized accounting firm as may be agreeable to Buyer and Seller) (the “ Accounting Firm ”‘) will resolve any remaining objections within
thirty days. Buyer will revise the Draft Net Capital Schedule as appropriate to reflect the resolution of any objections thereto pursuant to this
Section 1.6.2. The “ Net Capital Schedule ” shall mean the Draft Net Capital Schedule, as it may be revised pursuant to this Section 1.6.2.
 1.6.4 Expenses . In the event Buyer and Seller submit any unresolved objections to the Accounting Firm for resolution as provided in
Section 1.6.2, Buyer and Seller will share responsibility for the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm as follows:
 (a) if the Accounting Firm resolves all of the remaining objections in favor of Buyer (the Net Capital so determined by Buyer is referred to
herein as the “ Low Value”), Seller will be responsible for all of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm;
 (b) if the Accounting Firm resolves all of the remaining objections in favor of Seller (the Net Capital so determined by Seller is referred to
herein as the “ High Value”), Buyer will be responsible for all of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm; and
 (c) if the Accounting Firm resolves some of the remaining objections in favor of Buyer and the rest of the remaining objections in favor of
Seller (the Net Capital so determined is referred to herein as the “ Actual Value”), Seller will be responsible for that fraction of the fees and
expenses of the Accounting Firm equal to (x) the dif ference between the High Value and the Actual Value over (y) the dif ference between the
High Value and the Low Value, and Buyer will be responsible for the remainder of the fees and expenses.
 1.6.5 Work Papers . Buyer will make the work papers and back-up materials used in preparing the Closing Date Balance Sheet and the Draft
Net Capital Schedule, and the books, records, and financial staf f of BHC and its Subsidiaries, available to Seller and its accountants and other
representatives at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice at any time during (A) the preparation by Buyer of the Closing Date Balance
Sheet and the Draft Net Capital Schedule, (B) the review by Seller of the Closing Date Balance Sheet and the Draft Net Capital Schedule, and
(C) the resolution by Buyer and Seller of any objections thereto.
 
1.7 Post-Closing Adjustment to Preliminary Cash Payment . The Preliminary Cash Payment will be adjusted as follows:
 1.7.1 Higher Net Capital . If the Net Capital (determined on the basis of the Net Capital Schedule) exceeds the Estimated Net Capital, Buyer
will pay to Seller an amount equal
 
4
--- Page 10 ---
to such excess (plus interest thereon at the Applicable Rate from the Closing Date) by wire transfer or delivery of other immediately available
funds within three Business Days after the date on which the Net Capital for BHC and its Subsidiaries finally is determined pursuant to Section
1.6 above.
 1.7.2 Lower Net Capital . If the Net Capital (determined on the basis of the Net Capital Schedule) is less than the Estimated Net Capital,
Seller will pay to Buyer an amount equal to such deficiency (plus interest thereon at the Applicable Rate from the Closing Date) by wire transfer
or delivery of other immediately available funds within three Business Days after the date on which the Net Capital for BHC and its Subsidiaries
finally is determined pursuant to Section 1.6 above.
 
1.8 Withholding . Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from all payments otherwise required to be made by it hereunder such amounts
as Buyer may be required to deduct and withhold from such payment under the Code or under any provision of state, local or foreign law . To the extent
that amounts are so withheld by the Buyer , such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the person
in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was made by Buyer .
 
ARTICLE II
REPRESENT ATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
2.1 Representations and Warranties of Parent and Seller . Parent and Seller , jointly and severally , represent and warrant to Buyer as follows:
 2.1.1 Authorization; No Conflicts; Status of BHC Group, etc.
 (a) Due Or ganization, etc . Schedule 2.1.1 (a)  sets forth a correct and complete list of each member of the BHC Group, its form and
jurisdiction of or ganization and each jurisdiction in which such member is qualified to do business. Each of Parent, Seller and each member of
the BHC Group is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly or ganized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
its respective jurisdiction of or ganization, with the requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority , as
applicable, to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease and to operate its properties as and in the places where such business is
now conducted and such properties are now owned, leased or operated. Each of Parent, Seller and each member of the BHC Group is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, partnership or limited liability company , as applicable, in all
jurisdictions, except where the failure to be so qualified, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Ef fect on Parent, Seller or the BHC Group, as the case may be.
 (b) Authorization, etc . Each of Parent and Seller has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby , by Parent and Seller have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action of Parent
and Seller . This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Seller and constitutes the valid and legally
 
5
--- Page 11 ---
binding obligation of Parent and Seller , enforceable against Parent and Seller in accordance with its terms.
 (c) No Conflicts . Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1.1(c),  the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Seller and the
consummation by Parent and Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby will not contravene, result in any violation of, loss of rights or
default under , constitute an event creating rights of acceleration, termination, repayment or cancellation under , entitle any party to receive any
payment or benefit pursuant to, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets (which includes owned and leased
properties or assets) of Parent, Seller or any member of the BHC Group under , (i) any provision of the Or ganizational Documents of Parent,
Seller or any member of the BHC Group, (ii) any Applicable Law applicable to Parent, Seller or any member of the BHC Group or any of their
respective properties, (iii) any commitment of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any agreement, contract or license to which Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or any BHC Contract, except with respect to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for any such contraventions, violations, losses,
defaults, accelerations, terminations, repayments, cancellations or Liens that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Ef fect on Parent, Seller or the BHC Group. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1.l(c) , no Governmental Approval (other
than pursuant to the HSR Act) or other Consent is required to be obtained or made by any member of the BHC Group in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Seller or the consummation by Parent and Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby .
 (d) Organizational Documents, etc . Seller has made available to Buyer complete and correct copies of the Or ganizational Documents, as in
effect on the date hereof, of each member of the BHC Group.
 2.1.2 Capitalization .
 (a) BHC . The authorized capital stock of BHC consists of 1,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 1,000 shares are issued and
outstanding. All of the BHC Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and are owned
beneficially and of record by Seller . Seller has good and marketable title to the BHC Shares, free and clear of any Liens. There are no voting
trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies or other agreements or understandings in ef fect with respect to the voting or transfer of any of the BHC
Shares or any such interests.
 (b) Other Members of the BHC Group . Schedule 2.1.2(b)  sets forth a complete and correct description of the authorized capital stock or
other equity interests of each member of the BHC Group (other than BHC) and the amount of such stock or other equity interests that are issued
and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of stock or other equity interests of each member of the BHC Group (other than BHC) have been
duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and are owned beneficially and of record by a member of the BHC
Group or Seller , free and clear of any Liens. There are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies or other agreements or understandings in
effect with respect to the voting or transfer of any of the shares of stock or other equity interests of any member of the BHC Group (other than
BHC).
 
6
--- Page 12 ---
(c) Other Agreements with Respect to BHC Group Securities . There are no preemptive or similar rights on the part of any Person with
respect to the issuance of any securities or equity interests of any member of the BHC Group. There are no subscriptions, options, warrants or
other similar rights, agreements or commitments of any kind obligating any member of the BHC Group to issue or sell, or to cause to be issued or
sold, or to repurchase or otherwise acquire any of their own respective securities or equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for, or any options, warrants or other similar rights relating to, any such securities or equity interests.
 (d) Other Investments . Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1.2(d)  and except for securities of and other interests in members of the BHC
Group, investments in publicly traded securities acquired or held in the ordinary course of business as trading inventory and cash equivalents, no
member of the BHC Group holds any outstanding securities or other interests in any corporation, partnership, company , joint venture or other
entity .
 2.1.3 Financial Information; Books and Records and Customer Account Information .
 (a) Seller has delivered to Buyer the BHC Financial Statements. The BHC Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“ GAAP ”) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods presented in the
BHC Financial Statements; provided , however , that the unaudited BHC Financial Statements lack footnotes and other presentation items and are
also subject to normal year -end adjustments, the ef fect of which adjustments will not, individually or in the aggregate, be materially adverse. The
consolidated balance sheets of BHC and its Subsidiaries included in the BHC Financial Statements present fairly in all material respects the
financial position of BHC and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof; and the consolidated statements of operations, statements of
changes in stockholders’  equity and statements of cash flows of BHC and its Subsidiaries included in the BHC Financial Statements present
fairly in all material respects the results of operations, stockholders’  equity and cash flows of BHC and its Subsidiaries for the respective periods
indicated.
 (b) The BHC Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with the Books and Records of the BHC Group, as applicable. The Books
and Records of the BHC Group: (i) reflect all items of income and expense and all the assets and liabilities necessary to derive the BHC
Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP , (ii) are in all material respects complete, and do not contain or reflect any material inaccuracies
or discrepancies and (iii) have been maintained in accordance with good business and accounting practices.
 (c) The minute books of each member of the BHC Group which pertain to the five-year period ending on the date of this Agreement
contain accurate records of those meetings and accurately reflect those actions taken by the stockholders, the members and the board of directors
(or equivalent body) of each member of the BHC Group and all the committees of the board of directors of each member of the BHC Group
required to be contained or reflected therein. All of the Books and Records or Customer Account Information of any member of the BHC Group
are under the exclusive ownership and control of such member of the BHC Group and are recorded, stored, maintained, operated or otherwise
wholly or partly dependent on or
 
7
--- Page 13 ---
held by any means (including any electronic, mechanical, microfiche or photographic process, whether computerized or not) that (including all
means of access thereto and therefrom) is under the control of each member of the BHC Group.
 (d) The BHC Group maintains a system of internal accounting controls suf ficient to provide reasonable assurance that with respect to the
business conducted by the BHC Group (i) material transactions are executed in accordance with management’ s general or specific authorization;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements of the BHC Group in conformity with GAAP  and to
maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’ s general or specific authorization; and (iv)
the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any dif ferences.
 (e) The Customer Account Information has been maintained in accordance with United States Applicable Law . The Books and Records and
Customer Account Information of the BHC Group (other than those that are in the form of electronic mail) are in a format that can be retrieved
without unreasonable ef fort or expense in response to any customer request or inquiry from any Governmental Authority for the period required
by Applicable Law . The Books and Records and Customer Account Information of the BHC Group that are in the form of electronic mail are in a
format that can be retrieved in response to any customer request or inquiry from any Governmental Authority for the period required by
Applicable Law .
 2.1.4 Undisclosed Liabilities . Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1.4,  no member of the BHC Group is subject to any obligation or liability
of any nature, whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due, and, to the Knowledge of Seller , there is no
existing condition, situation or set of circumstances which would reasonably be expected to result in such an obligation or liability , other than (i)
obligations and liabilities contemplated by or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby , (ii) as and to the extent
disclosed or reserved against in the audited consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2003 included in BHC Financial Statements, (iii)
obligations and liabilities incurred since December 31, 2003 in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and not prohibited
by this Agreement and (iv) obligations and liabilities that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Ef fect on the BHC Group.
 2.1.5 Absence of Changes . Since December 31, 2003, except (i) as set forth in Schedule 2.1.5 , (ii) as reflected or reserved against in the
BHC Financial Statements, or (iii) as contemplated by or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (including,
without limitation, in Section 3.1.1 of this Agreement), the business of the BHC Group has been conducted in the ordinary course consistent with
past practices and no member of the BHC Group (and, with respect to clause (r), neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates) has:
 (a) under gone any change in its business, financial condition, results of operations or properties (other than changes resulting solely from
general economic or political conditions) that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Ef fect on the BHC Group;
 
8
--- Page 14 ---
(b) declared, set aside, made or paid any dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock, or repurchased, redeemed or otherwise
acquired any shares of its capital stock, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices (which past practices shall
include, but not be limited to, the payment by BHC of the BHC Group’ s allocable share of the Income Taxes of the Seller Group for any Pre-
Closing Period, whether through a declaration and payment of dividends by BHC or through other means);
 (c) issued or sold any shares of its capital stock, securities treated as equity interests in any member of the BHC Group for federal income
tax purposes or any options, warrants or other similar rights, agreements or commitments of any kind to purchase any such shares or securities or
any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or securities;
 (d) incurred, assumed, guaranteed (including by way of any agreement to “keep well” or of any similar arrangement) or prepaid any
Indebtedness or amended the terms relating to any Indebtedness, or issued or sold any debt securities not in the ordinary course of business and
in excess of $500,000;
 (e) made any loan or modified any material term of any outstanding loan (except as required by Applicable Law) to any BHC Customer ,
except for loans made or terms modified in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 (f) sold, transferred, assigned, conveyed, mortgaged, pledged or otherwise subjected to any Lien any of its properties or assets (which
includes owned or leased properties or assets), tangible or intangible, except for BHC Permitted Encumbrances or in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices;
 (g) entered into any agreement or commitment involving payment by the BHC Group of more than $250,000 that, pursuant to its terms, is
not cancelable without penalty on 60 days’  notice or less;
 (h) paid (or committed to pay) any bonus or other incentive compensation to any director , partner , officer or other employee (other than a
new hire) or granted (or committed to grant) to any director , partner , officer or other employee any other increase in compensation, except for
bonuses payable pursuant to any plan listed on Schedule 2.1.5,  base salary or wage increases, in each case in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices or pursuant to the terms of any written agreement or commitment existing at December 31, 2003;
 (i) entered into, adopted or amended (or committed to enter into, adopt or amend) in any material respect any employment, separation,
retention, change in control, collective bar gaining, deferred compensation, retirement, bonus, profit-sharing, stock option or other equity , pension
or welfare plan, contract or other arrangement with an independent contractor or agreement maintained for the benefit of any director , partner ,
officer, or other employee;
 (j) suf fered any strike or other labor dispute or controversies, including unresolved grievances, arbitrations or unfair labor practice char ges
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Ef fect on the BHC Group;
 
9
--- Page 15 ---
(k) amended its Or ganizational Documents;
 (1) granted any rights or licenses under any of its trademarks or trade names or other BHC Intellectual Property or entered into any
licensing or similar agreements or arrangements other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;
 (m) made any material changes in its general policies or practices relating to selling practices, discounts or other material terms of sale or
accounting therefor other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;
 (n) changed in any material respect its accounting practices, methods, policies or principles, other than any such changes as may be
required under GAAP;
 (o) suf fered any damage, destruction or other casualty loss (whether or not covered by insurance) af fecting its properties or assets (which
includes owned and leased properties and assets) which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Ef fect on the BHC Group;
 (p) mer ged with, entered into a consolidation with, or acquired an interest of five percent (5%) or more in any Person or acquired a
substantial portion of the assets or business of any Person or any division or line of business thereof, or otherwise acquired any material assets;
 (q) made any capital expenditure or commitment for any capital expenditure in excess of $250,000;
 (r) made any elections with respect to Taxes that af fect any member of the BHC Group, changed any method of accounting for Tax
purposes of any member of the BHC Group or of any consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group that included a member of the BHC
Group or settled or agreed to an entry of judgement with respect to any dispute involving Tax matters of any member of the BHC Group; or
 (s) taken any action or omitted to take any action that would result in the occurrence of any of the foregoing.
 2.1.6 Taxes.
 (a) Filing of BHC Tax Returns and Payment of Taxes. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(a) , all material Seller Group Tax Returns and
all material BHC Tax Returns required to be filed on or before the date hereof have been filed with the proper Governmental Authorities and are
true, correct and complete in all material respects, and all material Seller Group Tax Returns and all material BHC Tax Returns required to be
filed on or before the Closing Date will have been filed by the Closing Date in accordance with Applicable Law and will be true, correct and
complete in all material respects. Except for Taxes set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(a)  (which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings), all material Taxes of any member of the BHC Group and all material Taxes of each Seller Group (in each case whether or not
shown on a BHC Tax Return or a Seller Group Tax Return) due and payable on or before the Closing Date have (or , in the case of Taxes that
become due after the
 
10
--- Page 16 ---
date hereof and on or before the Closing Date, by the Closing Date will have) been duly paid. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(a) , all
material BHC Employment and Withholding Taxes required to be withheld and paid on or before the date hereof, and all material BHC
Employment and Withholding Taxes required to be withheld and paid on or before the Closing Date, have (or , in the case of such BHC
Employment and Withholding Taxes that are required to be withheld and paid after the date hereof and on or before the Closing Date, by the
Closing Date will have) been duly paid to the proper Governmental Authority (and in the case of BHC Employment and Withholding Taxes
required to be withheld on or before the Closing Date and paid after the Closing Date, will be properly set aside in accounts for such purpose).
 (b) Extensions, etc . Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(b) , (i) there are currently in ef fect no extensions or waivers of the time for
assessing or collecting any Taxes of any member of the BHC Group or any Taxes of any Seller Group and there are currently in ef fect no powers
of attorney with respect to Tax matters involving any member of the BHC Group, (ii) neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates has requested any
extension of time within which to file any Seller Group Tax Return that has not been filed within such extension period; (iii) no member of the
BHC Group has requested any extension of time within which to file any BHC Tax Return that has not been filed within such extension period;
(iv) there are no requests for rulings in respect of any BHC Taxes pending between any member of the BHC Group and any Governmental
Authority; (v) no member of the BHC Group has received a ruling from any Governmental Authority regarding Taxes that remains in ef fect; and
(vi) no member of the BHC Group has entered into an agreement with any Governmental Authority regarding Taxes which remains in ef fect.
 (c) Tax Filing Groups . Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(c) , no member of the BHC Group (i) is or has been at any time within the last
six (6) years a member of any af filiated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for Tax purposes other than the Seller Group or (ii) has any
liability for the Taxes of any person (other than, in the case of clause (w), the Seller Group) (w) under Section 1.1502-6 of the United States
Treasury Regulations, or any similar provision of state, foreign or local law , (x) as a transferee, successor , indemnitor or guarantor , (y) by
contract or (z) otherwise.
 (d) Copies of BHC Tax Returns; Audits; etc . Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1.6(d) , Seller has made available to Buyer complete and
accurate copies of all BHC Tax Returns as filed and, if applicable, as amended, with respect to all open tax periods that have been filed. Except as
set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(d) , (i) no Taxes have been asserted by any Governmental Authority to be due in respect of any open tax period of any
Seller Group or any member of the BHC Group that have not been settled and fully paid as settled, (ii) no revenue agent’ s report or written
assessment for Taxes of any Seller Group or any member of the BHC Group has been received by Seller or any of its Affiliates for any open tax
period and (iii) no issue has been raised by any Governmental Authority in a writing received by Seller or any of its Affiliates that has not been
resolved with respect to Taxes of any Seller Group or any member of the BHC Group.
 (e) Tax Sharing Agreements . Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1.6(e) , no member of the BHC Group is a party to or bound by or has any
contractual obligation under any Tax sharing agreement or arrangement.
 
11
--- Page 17 ---
(f) Tax Classification . Each member of the BHC Group is treated as a corporation and as a “United States person” for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. No member of the BHC Group owns an interest in an entity that is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.
 (g) Eligibility for Section 338(h)(10) Election . Seller owns all of the interests in BHC that are treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. All of the interests in each member of the BHC Group (other than BHC) that are treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes
are owned by a single other member of the BHC Group. Parent is and will on the Closing Date be the “common parent” (as defined in Treasury
Regulations Section1. 1502-77(a)(l)(i)) of a U.S. federal consolidated return group that includes Seller , BHC and each member of the BHC
Group. Parent is eligible to join with Buyer (or the common parent of a U.S. federal consolidated return group that includes Buyer) in making the
elections provided for in Section 3.3 hereof.
 (h) Assertions of Jurisdiction . Schedule 2.1.6(h)  sets forth a list of the states, territories and jurisdictions (foreign and domestic) to which
any material Tax has been paid by any member of the BHC Group or by Seller Group in respect of operations of any member of the BHC Group,
indicating the type of Tax paid. No claim has been made by any Governmental Authority (i) in any other state, territory or jurisdiction that any
member of the BHC Group (or any Seller Group by virtue of the activities of any member of the BHC Group) is or may be subject to Tax in that
jurisdiction or (ii) in any such state, territory or jurisdiction that any member of the BHC Group (or any Seller Group by virtue of the activities of
any member of the BHC Group) is or may be subject to a type of Tax not indicated for such jurisdiction on Schedule 2.1.6(h) .
 (i) Specified Tax Items . No member of the BHC Group is a party to any “safe harbor lease” that is subject to the provisions of Section
168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code as in ef fect prior to the Tax Reform Act of 1986, or to any “long-term contract” within the meaning of
Section 460 of the Code. None of the assets or properties of any member of the BHC Group constitutes tax-exempt use property under Section
168 of the Code. Seller is not a foreign person as used in Section 1445 of the Code, and Buyer is not required to withhold tax on the acquisition
of the Shares by reason of Section 1445 of the Code. No member of the BHC Group has participated in an international boycott as defined in
Section 999 of the Code. No member of the BHC Group is required to make any adjustment under Section 481 (a) of the Code by reason of a
change in accounting method or otherwise for a period after the Closing Date. No member of the BHC Group has been the “distributing
corporation” (within the meaning of Section 355(e)(2) of the Code) with respect to a transaction described in Section 355 of the Code.
 (j) Required Disclosure of Reportable Transactions . No member of the BHC Group has entered into any transaction that constitutes a
“reportable transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.601 l-4(b) or a “potentially abusive tax shelter” within the
meaning of Section 61 12(b) of the Code or which is required to be disclosed under provisions of state law similar to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.601 1-4.
 2.1.7 Properties and Assets . Schedule 2.1.7  sets forth a complete and correct list, as of the date hereof, of all real property leased by any
member of the BHC Group, including
 
12
--- Page 18 ---
the names of each of the parties to the applicable lease, the location of the applicable property and the applicable lease documents. None of the
members of the BHC Group owns any real property . Each member of the BHC Group has valid title to all material personal property owned by it,
and valid leasehold interests in all real and material personal property leased by it, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except (i) Liens
specified in Schedule 2.1.7  or reflected in the BHC Financial Statements, (ii) Liens for taxes not yet delinquent or which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on its books in accordance with GAAP , (iii)
statutory Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices that have not had and could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Ef fect on the BHC Group and (iv) Liens which do not materially detract from the value or materially interfere with
the use of the properties af fected thereby (the exceptions described in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) being referred to collectively as
“BHC Permitted Encumbrances” ). Schedule 2.1.7  sets forth a list of each Lease under which any member of the BHC Group is a lessee as to
which the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby would result in a violation of, loss of rights or default under or
constitute an event creating rights of acceleration, termination or cancellation under such Lease. The Leases are the only documents between the
parties thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof. No lessor or lessee under any real property Lease has exercised any right to (i) cancel
such Lease or shorten or lengthen the term thereof, (ii) lease additional premises, (iii) reduce, relocate or expand the premises demised by such
Lease, or (iv) purchase any property . No portion of any security deposit has been applied and the landlord is holding the full amount of any
security deposit required under the applicable Lease. All rent, fees and other payments due under each Lease have been fully paid. Each Lease
was negotiated at arms’-length and the tenant and landlord thereunder are not af filiated. Each premises demised by a Lease is in good condition
and repair . The real property demised by the Leases is the only real property necessary for the business of the members of the BHC Group and no
member of the BHC Group uses or occupies other real property other than the Denver Leases.
 2.1.8 Contracts .
 (a) Schedule of Contracts, etc . Schedule 2.1.8(a)  sets forth a correct and complete list, as of the date hereof, of all BHC Contracts. The term
“BHC Contracts ” means all agreements, contracts, licenses and commitments, including material oral agreements, of the following types to
which any member of the BHC Group is a party or by which any member of the BHC Group or its respective properties is bound and which is
currently in ef fect, as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified as of the date hereof: (i) “dual employee” contracts, clearing
services contracts and contracts for the performance of other services provided to financial intermediaries (other than financial intermediaries that
are customers of BHC Correspondent Customers); (ii) employment, retention, material independent contractor arrangements, change in control
and collective bar gaining agreements, if any , with any directors, of ficers, other employees, or trade unions, of any member of the BHC Group;
(iii) mortgages, indentures, security agreements relating to indebtedness for borrowed money , letters of credit, promissory notes, loan agreements
and other material agreements, guarantees and instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit; (iv) material licenses and
other similar material agreements involving Intellectual Property; (v) joint venture, partnership and similar agreements; (vi) stock purchase
agreements, asset purchase agreements and other acquisition or divestiture agreements; (vii) personal property leases providing for annual rentals
of $250,000 or
 
13
--- Page 19 ---
more; (viii) agreements, contracts and commitments for the purchase or sale of supplies, services, equipment or other assets that provide for
annual payments of $500,000 or more; (ix) any other agreements, contracts, licenses or commitments that are material to the business, financial
condition, results of operations or properties of any member of the BHC Group; (x) any guaranty (including by way of any agreement to “keep
well” or any similar arrangements) of any of the foregoing and (xi) the Leases. No member of the BHC Group has made any loan which is
secured by a mortgage or services any mortgages or otherwise is engaged in mortgage banking activities. Seller has made available to Buyer for
inspection complete and correct copies of all BHC Contracts, including a description of any material oral agreements.
 (b) No Defaults, etc . Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1.8(b) , excluding any failure to obtain Consents with respect to the BHC Contracts
listed in Schedule 2.l.l(c)  and further excluding those matters which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Ef fect on the BHC Group (i) each BHC Contract is in full force and ef fect in all material respects, enforceable in accordance
with its terms against the applicable member of the BHC Group that is party thereto and, to the Knowledge of Seller